{"text": "Hotellit lähellä Un-Scripted Theater Company (San Francisco) - KAYAK\nSan Francisco hotellit lähellä Un-Scripted Theater Company\nEtsi sadoilta matkailusivustoilta kerralla Un-Scripted Theater Company hotelleja - San Francisco\nHotellit Yhdysvallat Kalifornia San Francisco Un-Scripted Theater Company\nParhaat hotellit - San Francisco lähellä Un-Scripted Theater Company\nKiinteistön sijainti Hotel Nikko San Francisco sijaitsee aivan kaupungin sydämessä ja sen vierestä löytyy muun muassa Westfield San Francisco Centre. Myös Lombard Street on lähistöllä. Tämän 4 tähden hotellin lähellä sijaitsee Pier 39 ja San Franciscon yliopisto. Huoneet Kaikissa 532 huoneessa on ilmastointi ja niiden varusteluun kuuluu minibaari sekä taulutelevisio. Varusteluun kuuluu pillowtop-patjallinen sänky sänky, jossa on untuvapeitot. Ilmainen langaton internetyhteys pitää sinut yhteydessä verkkoon. Huoneissa on yksityinen kylpyhuone, ja niiden varusteluun kuuluu designer-hygieniatuotteet ja hiustenkuivaaja. Palvelut Hotellin tarjoamiin harrastuksiin/mukavuuksiin kuuluu yökerho, ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva kuntokeskus ja sisäuima-allas. Tämän hotellin palveluihin kuuluu muun muassa ilmainen langaton internetyhteys, concierge-palvelut ja maksullinen lastenhoitopalvelu. Ruokailuvaihtoehdot Tämä hotelli tarjoaa asiakkailleen ravintolan, jossa on baari. Palveluihin kuuluu myös ympärivuorokautinen huonepalvelu. Palveluihin kuuluu baari/aulabaari, jos mielesi tekee raikasta juotavaa. Maksullinen buffetaamiainen on tilattavissa. Bisnespalvelut, muut palvelut Käytössäsi on ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva business center, express-uloskirjautuminen ja ilmaiset sanomalehdet aulassa. Tämä hotelli tarjoaa asiakkailleen 2694 neliömetriä kokoustiloja, joihin kuuluu kokoushuoneet ja kokoushuone.\nPlussat: I found the staff very friendly and accommodating. I would easily recommend the hotel to others.\nPlussat: The room was quite nice. The staff was very curteous and helpful. The location is convienent. The price was reasonable.\nPlussat: The bathroom was nice with shower and tub. The indoor pool and Hot Tub were great for relaxing after visiting the sites. There was $25 per room charge for use of the pool/hot tub but this was small price to pay for this feature.\nMiinukset: The pool was only available as part of the health club which annoyed me.\nMiinukset: They charge you extra for the health club, which is not that great - I found that to be offensive!\nMiinukset: Aggressive panhandlers all over the city.\nMiinukset: Fees for Internet and gym. Additional fees for more than two adults.\nKiinteistön sijainti Fairmont San Francisco sijaitsee aivan kaupungin sydämessä ja sen läheltä löytyy muun muassa Gracen katedraali. Myös Lombard Street on lähistöllä. Tämän 5 tähden hotellin lähellä sijaitsee Pier 39 ja Palace of Fine Arts. Huoneet Kaikissa 592 huoneessa on ilmastointi ja niiden varusteluun kuuluu iPod-telakointiasema sekä minibaari. Varusteluun kuuluu pillowtop-patjallinen sänky sänky, jossa on untuvapeitot ja italialaiset Frette-lakanat. Mukavuuksiin kuuluu maksullinen internetyhteys (langaton ja kiinteä) ja 42-tuumainen taulutelevisio, jossa on monipuoliset TV-kanavat. Huoneissa on yksityinen kylpyhuone, ja niiden varusteluun kuuluu designer-hygieniatuotteet ja hiustenkuivaaja. Palvelut Voit rentoutua täyden palvelun kylpylässä, jonka palveluihin sisältyvät muun muassa hierontapalvelu, vartalohoidot ja kasvohoidot. Palveluihin kuuluvat seuraavat harrastukset: yökerho, kuntokeskus, sauna. Tämän hotellin palveluihin kuuluu muun muassa maksullinen langaton internetyhteys, concierge-palvelut ja maksullinen lastenhoitopalvelu. Ruokailuvaihtoehdot Tämä hotelli tarjoaa asiakkailleen 2 ravintolaa sekä kahvilan. Palveluihin kuuluu myös ympärivuorokautinen huonepalvelu. Käytössäsi on baari/aulabaari sekä 2 baaria. Maksullinen tilauksen mukaan valmistettu aamiainen tarjoillaan päivittäin kello 6.30–11.00. Bisnespalvelut, muut palvelut Käytössäsi on ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva business center, limusiinipalvelu ja express-sisäänkirjautuminen. Tämä hotelli tarjoaa asiakkailleen 5110 neliömetriä kokoustiloja, joihin kuuluu kokoushuoneet ja kokoushuoneet. Palveluihin kuuluu maksullinen itsepalvelupysäköinti.\nPerustuu 8 446 arvosteluun\nPlussat: Room was large & I only had a queen. Bed, pillows & sheets all very good. Hotel is dated but some would call that charming.\nPlussat: Hotel employees treat you like royalty. Beautiful details all over the hotel. Classic history all over! Every president over the past 120 years has stayed at the hotel! First Fairmont Hotel in the world, sets the standard for all Fairmont hotels!\nPlussat: Grand, historic, luxurious\nPlussat: The view is amazing in the linens were very comfortable\nPlussat: The staff, rooms, comfy not over the top stuffy\nPlussat: Beautiful hotel, great service. Staff very helpful, especially Scott at front desk\nPlussat: Location and setting\nPlussat: Comfortable beds. Great location. Nice staff. Beautiful decor.\nPlussat: Very luxurious and clean. The staff was friendly and helpful, especially the management. When things went wrong, they were accommodating to benefit me for the inconveniences.\nPlussat: I originally was trying to book this hotel via the QANTAS website however they had problems, so I rang the hotel direct and they were most helpful. Not only did they book me in, but they beat the original price and converted it for me to $AUD for my small brain. I drove to SFO from LAX - on arrival bell hop service was excellent, didn't miss any bags or jackets that were in my car. Stayed in the main building - Fairmont Queen room Clean and tidy Free WiFi BathTub Excellent staff Late checkout Food selection and room service Tonga room is a must see Location very central to anywhere you'd like to be in SFO\nPlussat: Reputation was indeed lived up to ...better than I expected\nMiinukset: My robe had stains on it.\nMiinukset: VERY expensive parking. The hotel contracts with a parking service and valet is the only option. Prepare to spend over $70 a night to park at the hotel, but this is the only option unless you want to walk miles and miles.\nMiinukset: I could hear everything from my room. Housekeeping, doors slamming, neighbors... I also think free wifi at hotels should be standard at this point - as it is at most hotels.\nMiinukset: Valet parking is a bit steep in price\nMiinukset: Service was awful - restaurant had several issues.\nMiinukset: Poor soundproofing- we could hear everything next door. $65 parking and $14 wifi. \"Courtyard view\" misrepresents the huge noisy cooling type towers. Breakfast was 1 1/2 hour late. Dinner in the restaurant was loud and only mediocre.\nMiinukset: Upon checking in, they didn't have our room available until the next day. Not sure how that even happens, but after talking to the manager, he miraculously was able to get our room. I had an allergic reaction to the laundry detergent they use on the bed sheets and my eyes swelled up. I was told that if you have allergies, you need to call in advance to make sure they wash the bedding with hyper-allergenic detergent (they normally use Dawn). For the inconveniences, they did comp me my room service.\nMiinukset: The main building although grand, is a little dated. The refurbished rooms are good, but the particular room I was in the door didn't fully open because the wall gets in the way, so for room service the trolley couldn't be wheeled in, food had to be carried in from the door, and there wasn't really any table to put the food on, only the writing desk or the fold out mini bar. I had to call for slippers\nMiinukset: Cost of overnight parking\nMiinukset: Parking at $65 a nite is outrageous There were no blankets in the room so I asked for some they came an hour later. I had to call 3 times to get service. Wifi was $14 a day not free. Coffee in the room was poor. U would think they could provide quality coffee. Paper was delivered to some rooms but not ours\nKiinteistön sijainti San Francisco Marriott Marquis sijaitsee aivan kaupungin sydämessä ja sen läheltä löytyy muun muassa Westfield San Francisco Centre ja San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. Tämän 4 tähden hotellin lähellä sijaitsee Lombard Street ja Pier 39. Huoneet Huoneiden mukavuuksiin kuuluu ilmastointi ja äly-tv:t. Mukavuuksiin kuuluu kaapelikanavat sekä maksullinen internetyhteys (langaton ja kiinteä). Huoneissa on yksityinen kylpyhuone, ja niiden varusteluun kuuluu suihku-/ammeyhdistelmä, designer-hygieniatuotteet ja hiustenkuivaaja. Varusteluun kuuluu puhelin, tallelokero ja työpöytä. Palvelut Voit hemmotella itseäsi kylpylässä, sillä sen palveluihin kuuluvat muun muassa hierontapalvelu ja kasvohoidot. Palveluihin kuuluvat seuraavat harrastukset: höyrysauna, kuntosali. Tämän hotellin palveluihin kuuluu muun muassa maksullinen langaton internetyhteys, concierge-palvelut ja lahjaliikkeitä/lehtimyymälöitä. Ruokailuvaihtoehdot Tämä hotelli tarjoaa asiakkailleen 3 ravintolaa sekä kahvilan. Hotellista löytyy 2 baaria, joissa voit rentoutua päivän päätteeksi. Maksullinen buffetaamiainen on tilattavissa. Bisnespalvelut, muut palvelut Käytössäsi on maksullinen kiinteä internetyhteys, business center ja limusiinipalvelu. Tämä hotelli tarjoaa asiakkailleen seuraavat kokoustilat: kokouskeskus ja kokoushuoneet.\nPerustuu 7 118 arvosteluun\nPlussat: Really nice lobby, rooms where clean\nMiinukset: The wifi wasn't free, they charged you to use a computer for $.40 per minute. I really needed a workstation. No hot tube or pool for $400 per night. Will not go back.\nKiinteistön sijainti Chancellor Hotel on Union Square on kaupungin keskustassa, ja kävelyetäisyydellä sijaitsee Powell and Market raitiovaunujen kääntöpaikka. Myös Gracen katedraali on lähistöllä. Tämän hotellin lähellä sijaitsee Cable Car Museum ja San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. Huoneet Kaikkien 137 huoneen varusteluun kuuluu jääkaappi ja taulutelevisio. Mukavuuksiin kuuluu satelliittikanavat sekä ilmainen langaton internetyhteys. Huoneissa on yksityinen kylpyhuone, ja niiden varusteluun kuuluu suihku-/ammeyhdistelmä, ilmaiset hygieniatuotteet ja hiustenkuivaaja. Varusteluun kuuluu tallelokero, työpöytä ja puhelin (ilmaiset paikallispuhelut). Palvelut Seuraavat palvelut ovat saatavissa: ilmainen langaton internetyhteys, concierge-palvelut, lahjaliikkeitä/lehtimyymälöitä. Ruokailuvaihtoehdot Tämä hotelli tarjoaa asiakkailleen ravintolan, jossa voit nauttia aamiaisen ja lounaan. Palveluihin kuuluu myös huonepalvelu (rajoitettuina aikoina). Palveluihin kuuluu baari/aulabaari, jos mielesi tekee raikasta juotavaa. Bisnespalvelut, muut palvelut Käytössäsi on tietokonepiste, express-uloskirjautuminen ja ilmaiset sanomalehdet aulassa. Palveluihin kuuluu maksullinen itsepalvelupysäköinti.\nPlussat: Great location, good price, comfortable, professional, courteous staff. We had a room on the top floor, which was clean and quiet, with a ceiling fan rather than AC. Despite typically being a light sleeper, and expecting issues with street noise, I slept better there than I have anywhere in years, not really sure why (could have been the 12+ miles walking each day in wonderful San Francisco). The hotel is in Union Square, with its incredible shopping and conference centers. Chinatown is about .5 miles away (and a very steep hill), and Fisherman's Wharf about 1.5 miles; a fun walk if you're up for it (but Uber is fast an inexpensive, especially the pool option). If you're looking for a plush, modern American experience, this isn't it. If you're looking for an affordable, comfortable, centralized location to explore SF, or attend a business conference, this is a great choice.\nPlussat: Everything was clean and comfortable. The staff was kind and attentive. Location was perfect. Concierge was helpful. Absolutely would stay here again when visiting San Francisco.\nPlussat: Staff very nice and professional\nPlussat: While it was a fairly tight room the amazing comfort of the beds made that small bathroom insignificant. There was also a great deep tub that was just what I needed after lots of walking.\nPlussat: Perfect place to stay for all the important sights Trolley stops in front and goes right down to Fisherman's Wharf for great food and Terrific views, Lori's Diner is a few doors away with great food, Walgreens on the corner.\nPlussat: Bedroom was clean, furniture appeared recent. Location was reasonably convenient.\nPlussat: Nice historic hotel in a great location. Friendly and informative staff. Room was small but we got one of the rooms on the top floor and the ceiling was about 15 feet high. It made the room seem much larger. There is no A/C in the room but it was comfortable with the ceiling fan and the window open. I liked hearing the sounds of the city in the evening. The city \"noise\" did quiet down during the night and had no problems sleeping. This hotel was recommended to me by my boss. He stays there every year for a reunion with college friends. I have not problem passing on the recommendation.\nPlussat: Reasonably priced, friendly and accommodating staff, coffee/tea available 24/7. Great wifi, mini fridge in room. Great water pressure. They updated all the right things.\nPlussat: Awesome location, close to everything with the tram stop right outside and shopping only minutes away.\nPlussat: Last minute booking. Great price! Pretty extraordinary. Prime location!\nPlussat: It was a very nice family hotel with an interesting history. Well located right off Union Square. The hotel staff were all very nice. Though we didn't take advantage of them, the bar and restaurant both seemed nice.\nPlussat: The staff was great. They were very friendly and helpful. The location was also fantastic and the noon check out gave us a little additional time to explore the city without worrying about our bags. I would definitely recommend.\nMiinukset: Rooms are small, no air-conditioning (though not really needed) and there was no real work surface for a notebook. Not a place to get work done. Bathroom was dated, but functional. There's no fitness center in the hotel but you get free use of a health club around the corner with lots of good gear and yoga classes, which were great. There's no coffee in the room, but there's a 24 hour a day brew available in the lobby with cookies I found impossible to resist. Wi-fi is free and fast.\nMiinukset: Breakfast wasn't included, but actually was delicious in the cafe downstairs.\nMiinukset: Rooms are just too small especially for price.\nMiinukset: Tight bathroom\nMiinukset: Room was claustrophobic - barely room to walk around bed. Paint was fresh, but clearly covering 100 years of obvious wear. Musty smell. No air conditioning - couldn't get room quite cool/dry enough to be comfortable. Bathroom was dingy, marked up and had seen better days, and it was hard to squeeze into toilet between sink and wall, even then, wedged in by shoulder-level toilet paper dispenser. Plumbing noises from adjacent units were loud. Weirdly shaped closet with mismatched hangars that were falling apart.\nMiinukset: Coffee maker/microwave in room would have been an improvement, but not a sticking point. The service at Luques can be slow, but the food is good.\nMiinukset: Rooms were dated and they get hot, no aircon either\nMiinukset: The weather was cool and the hotel had the boiler running. Our room must have been 80 degrees and no way to shut the heat off. We were on the top floor and the hotel staff offered to move us to a lower (cooler) room. The second floor room was just as warm. The rooms really need local control of temperature.\nKiinteistön sijainti InterContinental Mark Hopkins sijaitsee aivan kaupungin sydämessä ja sen läheltä löytyy muun muassa Gracen katedraali. Myös Lombard Street on lähistöllä. Tämän 4 tähden hotellin lähellä sijaitsee Pier 39 ja Palace of Fine Arts. Huoneet Kaikissa 382 huoneessa on ilmastointi ja niiden varusteluun kuuluu minibaari. Mukavuuksiin kuuluu kaapelikanavat sekä maksullinen internetyhteys (langaton ja kiinteä). Kylpyhuoneessa on hiustenkuivaaja ja kylpytakit. Varusteluun kuuluu puhelin, tallelokero ja työpöytä. Palvelut Seuraavat palvelut ovat saatavissa: kuntosali, maksullinen langaton internetyhteys, maksullinen lastenhoitopalvelu. Ruokailuvaihtoehdot Tämä hotelli tarjoaa asiakkailleen ravintolan. Palveluihin kuuluu myös ympärivuorokautinen huonepalvelu. Palveluihin kuuluu baari/aulabaari, jos mielesi tekee raikasta juotavaa. Bisnespalvelut, muut palvelut Käytössäsi on business center, ilmaiset sanomalehdet aulassa ja ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva vastaanotto.\nPlussat: Historic Great location Staff was super friendly and helpful especially the valet\nPlussat: Staff was considerate and helpful in every way. Food in the Nob Hill Club was excellent. Great views from Top of the Mark.\nPlussat: The location of this hotel is great with walking access to the waterfront, Union Square, cable cars, and public transport. The staff was excellent and very attentive. The room was everything we wanted, plus a great view. The restaurant had a good selection. The night club was really fun. We would definitely stay here again.\nPlussat: Room service was good, bed, pillows & frette Sheets were excellent.\nPlussat: Historic hotel on Nob Hill. Friendly and helpful staff! Comfortable beds. Beautiful suite and view of the city. Able to open windows for fresh air/breeze. Keurig available for morning coffee/tea. Electronic “do not disturb” and intercom for door security. Convenient to Masonic Center concert venue and two cable car lines. Restaurant choices conveniently located in hotel and nearby (2-3 blocks).\nPlussat: Comfortable room and good location. Noise level was fine despite being on the same street as the cable car.\nPlussat: Staff, food, room, gym all excellent.\nPlussat: I love the facility\nPlussat: A great location and views\nMiinukset: Noise level in the rooms. Windows do not block out the noise from the streets so you can hear Grace Cathedral bells and the cable cars which is great but also the loud drunks in the middle of the night as well.\nMiinukset: Furniture in lobby needs cleaning or reupholstering. Looks dated. Bathroom was small and dark. I was there 5 days and one of the elevators was out of service for 3 of those days.\nMiinukset: Parking costs\nMiinukset: Dark bathroom, dated room in general...for the money I prefer the Fairmont.\nMiinukset: This place would be great, but it need a renovation. It just looks like it hasn't been kept up in some time. Needs some fresh paint and some updates. It's in an area that not much is going on also\nMiinukset: Not a big complaint or huge discomfort, but we like to sleep in a cool room but the thermostat would not let us lower temp below 60 degrees.\nMiinukset: A bit run down in appearance and small old elevators. Poor customer service upon check. We were given a hard sale to sign up for hotel program upon arrival.\nMiinukset: Your staff treated my son who booked the property like trash...it was simply unpleasant\nMiinukset: Dirty and stained furniture in hallways by rooms\nKiinteistön sijainti The Westin St. Francis San Francisco on Union Square sijaitsee aivan kaupungin sydämessä ja sen vierestä löytyy muun muassa Westfield San Francisco Centre. Myös Lombard Street on lähistöllä. Tämän 4 tähden hotellin lähellä sijaitsee Pier 39 ja San Franciscon yliopisto. Huoneet Huoneiden mukavuuksiin kuuluu ilmastointi ja LCD-televisio. Varusteluun kuuluu pillowtop-patjallinen sänky sänky. Käytössäsi on kaapelikanavat ja ilmainen internetyhteys (langaton ja kiinteä). Huoneissa on yksityinen kylpyhuone, ja niiden varusteluun kuuluu suihku-/ammeyhdistelmä, sadesuihku ja designer-hygieniatuotteet. Palvelut Hotellin tarjoamiin harrastuksiin/mukavuuksiin kuuluu kuntokeskus ja höyrysauna. Tämän hotellin palveluihin kuuluu muun muassa maksullinen langaton internetyhteys, concierge-palvelut ja lahjaliikkeitä/lehtimyymälöitä. Ruokailuvaihtoehdot Tämä hotelli tarjoaa asiakkailleen 3 ravintolaa sekä kahvilan. Palveluihin kuuluu myös ympärivuorokautinen huonepalvelu. Hotellista löytyy 3 baaria, joissa voit rentoutua päivän päätteeksi. Bisnespalvelut, muut palvelut Käytössäsi on business center, express-uloskirjautuminen ja ilmaiset sanomalehdet aulassa. Tämä hotelli tarjoaa asiakkailleen 5203 neliömetriä kokoustiloja, joihin kuuluu kokouskeskus ja kokoushuoneet.\nPerustuu 5 701 arvosteluun\nPlussat: Great location Customer service was great\nPlussat: The location, helpful and friendly staff, nice size rooms\nPlussat: The location is a big draw and it is a known entity in San Francisco. It met expectations.\nPlussat: Great room in Tower section,with great view & very comfortable beds. Also very helpful concierge named Jeff.\nMiinukset: Amenities could be better Rooms and bathrooms are a bit small\nMiinukset: We stayed in the Tower. The room was big and the furnishings adequate, but not what I expected from a hotel of this caliber. Somewhat dated. Also, hallways are dark and below what one would expect from a hotel like this. I could've paid $100 more and stayed at the Fairmont, and it would've been worth it!\nMiinukset: We had to remind them on two occasions to clean our room. On the day before check-out,our room was not cleaned or refreshed. This was really the only negative,apart from the fact that the drinks in the main bar are quite expensive.\nKiinteistön sijainti USA Hostels San Francisco sijaitsee keskeisellä alueella, jonka lähellä on Westfield San Francisco Centre ja Asian Art Museum of San Francisco. Tämän hostellin lähellä sijaitsee San Franciscon kaupungintalo. Huoneet Tässä majoitusliikkeessä on 72 kodikasta huonetta. Ilmainen langaton internetyhteys pitää sinut yhteydessä verkkoon. Huoneet siivotaan päivittäin. Huoneissa on kattotuuletin. Palvelut Seuraavat palvelut ovat saatavissa: ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva kuntokeskus, ilmainen langaton internetyhteys, pelihuone. Tämän hostellin palveluihin kuuluu televisio julkisissa tiloissa ja kiertoajelu-/lippupalvelu. Ruokailuvaihtoehdot Maksuton mannermainen aamiainen tarjoillaan päivittäin kello 7.00–10.00. Bisnespalvelut, muut palvelut Käytössäsi on ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva vastaanotto, matkatavarasäilytys ja pesulapalvelut.\nPlussat: great location, nice and helpful staff\nPlussat: The facilities were nice and clean and the staff was always helpful\nPlussat: I especially enjoyed the free walk. It was on my first day and I met quite a few people I connected with over the next few days. It provided a great orientation to the area around the hostel. I also enjoyed my four-woman dorm accommodation. My roommates were quiet, friendly and thoughtful. I loved the location. It was close to public transportation, there was a convenience store opposite and plenty of nearby restaurants. I was looking forward to the biking the bridge tour, but it was cancelled because of rain. It turned out well because I biked the bridge independently with another woman from the hostel on a beautiful sunny day. We asked for the hostel discount at Blazing Saddles and paid $18 instead of $32.\nPlussat: Great place to meet all types of people, had a great time\nMiinukset: a bit noisy and messy in the pit, room not clean enough, too many people sharing bathrooms.\nMiinukset: The dorm was warm, but thankfully we had a room facing the street and could open the window. The price is likely competitive for San Francisco, but with the exchange rate of USD to Canadian Dollars, paying $92.46 CAD isn't good value for one night in a hostel dorm.\nKiinteistön sijainti Lähistöllä sijaitsee muun muassa Gracen katedraali. Myös Lombard Street on lähistöllä. Tämän 4 tähden hotellin lähellä sijaitsee Pier 39 ja San Franciscon yliopisto. Huoneet Kaikissa 400 huoneessa on ilmastointi ja huoneiden varusteluun kuuluu äly-tv:t. Varusteluun kuuluu pillowtop-patjallinen sänky sänky. Mukavuuksiin kuuluu kaapelikanavat sekä maksullinen internetyhteys (langaton ja kiinteä). Huoneissa on yksityinen kylpyhuone, ja niiden varusteluun kuuluu suihku-/ammeyhdistelmä, ilmaiset hygieniatuotteet ja hiustenkuivaaja. Palvelut Seuraavat palvelut ovat saatavissa: kuntosali, maksullinen langaton internetyhteys, hääpalvelut. Ruokailuvaihtoehdot Tämä hotelli tarjoaa asiakkailleen 2 ravintolaa ja huonepalvelun (rajoitettuina aikoina). Palveluihin kuuluu baari/aulabaari, jos mielesi tekee raikasta juotavaa. Maksullinen buffetaamiainen on tilattavissa. Bisnespalvelut, muut palvelut Käytössäsi on maksullinen kiinteä internetyhteys, business center ja limusiinipalvelu. Tämä hotelli tarjoaa asiakkailleen seuraavat kokoustilat: kokoushuoneet ja kokoushuoneet.\nPlussat: Great staff, newly remodeled rooms and location was perfect.\nPlussat: Close to everything with all the conveniences yet subdued and relaxing. Staff were attentive and available. The restaurant /lounge was a great venue to unwind\nPlussat: We loved that the hotel was right downtown. It is one block from Union Square and the hustle and bustle! Perfect. Close to all transit as well as the tour company pick up points.\nPlussat: I liked that we were able to find a great place on such short notice. The Manager on Duty, I think her name was Susan, was very helpful after one of the reservation agent accidentally mixed up our checkout time- and another Agent Brandon wasn't very kind to us. I ate most of my meals at the hotel, breakfast lunch and dinner- and I had three different bartender/servers during my stay that were all so very pleasant. Some even gave me directions to buy a hoodie at a nearby store because I didn't realize it would be colder there this time of year still. And the chef made me an awesome salad when I wanted to exchange tuna for chicken on the salad that comes with Lemon Dressing- it was absolutely fantastic. I highly recommend this substitution as the combination of greens and dressing go amazing with Tuna! It will cost you 2 dollars more as Tuna is more expensive (rightfully so) but it I ate the entire thing. I couldn't stop myself.\nMiinukset: The pillows! They definitely need to invest in new pillows!\nMiinukset: Other than the mixup on our checkout time- I was happy with my stay overall.\nMiinukset: Parking fee was extremely expensive and there was no free wifi. For the price, wifi should have been included.\nKiinteistön sijainti Hotel Zelos San Francisco sijaitsee aivan kaupungin sydämessä ja sen läheltä löytyy muun muassa Westfield San Francisco Centre ja San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. Tämän 4 tähden hotellin lähellä sijaitsee Lombard Street ja Pier 39. Huoneet Kaikissa 202 huoneessa on ilmastointi ja niiden varusteluun kuuluu minibaari. Ilmainen langaton internetyhteys pitää sinut yhteydessä verkkoon. Huoneissa on yksityinen kylpyhuone, ja niiden varusteluun kuuluu suihku-/ammeyhdistelmä, designer-hygieniatuotteet ja hiustenkuivaaja. Varusteluun kuuluu puhelin, tallelokero (johon mahtuu kannettava tietokone) ja työpöytä. Palvelut Seuraavat palvelut ovat saatavissa: ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva kuntokeskus, ilmainen langaton internetyhteys, concierge-palvelut. Ruokailuvaihtoehdot Hotel Zelos San Francisco tarjoaa asiakkailleen ravintolan. Palveluihin kuuluu baari/aulabaari, jos mielesi tekee raikasta juotavaa. Maksullinen aamiainen on saatavilla päivittäin kello 7.00–10.00. Bisnespalvelut, muut palvelut Käytössäsi on ilmaiset sanomalehdet aulassa, kuivapesulapalvelu ja ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva vastaanotto. Tämä hotelli tarjoaa asiakkailleen 465 neliömetriä kokoustiloja, joihin kuuluu kokoushuoneet ja kokoushuoneet.\nPlussat: The Palomar was clean, quiet and comfortable and in a great location.\nMiinukset: The woman working in the evening checking in guests needs more training. Either that or maybe she was having a bad night.\nKiinteistön sijainti The Park Central San Francisco sijaitsee aivan kaupungin sydämessä ja sen läheltä löytyy muun muassa San Francisco Museum of Modern Art ja Academy of Art University. Tämän 4 tähden hotellin lähellä sijaitsee Lombard Street ja Pier 39. Huoneet Kaikissa 681 huoneessa on ilmastointi ja niiden varusteluun kuuluu iPod-telakointiasema sekä taulutelevisio. Varusteluun kuuluu pillowtop-patjallinen sänky sänky, jossa on untuvapeitot. Mukavuuksiin kuuluu kaapelikanavat sekä maksullinen internetyhteys (langaton ja kiinteä). Huoneissa on yksityinen kylpyhuone, ja niiden varusteluun kuuluu suihku-/ammeyhdistelmä, designer-hygieniatuotteet ja hiustenkuivaaja. Palvelut Seuraavat palvelut ovat saatavissa: ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva kuntokeskus, maksullinen langaton internetyhteys, concierge-palvelut. Tämän hotellin palveluihin kuuluu lahjaliikkeitä/lehtimyymälöitä, hääpalvelut ja televisio julkisissa tiloissa. Ruokailuvaihtoehdot The Park Central San Francisco tarjoaa asiakkailleen ravintolan. Palveluihin kuuluu baari/aulabaari, jos mielesi tekee raikasta juotavaa. Maksullinen buffetaamiainen on tarjolla päivittäin. Bisnespalvelut, muut palvelut Käytössäsi on maksullinen kiinteä internetyhteys, ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva business center ja limusiinipalvelu. Tämä hotelli tarjoaa asiakkailleen 2137 neliömetriä kokoustiloja, joihin kuuluu kokoushuoneet. Palveluihin kuuluu rajoitettu pysäköinti.\nPerustuu 4 136 arvosteluun\nPlussat: I loved the view and staff was extremely friendly and the location great. Bed was very comfortable and and room was nice and clean. Mabye a lil upgrade on the appliances other than that it was great.\nPlussat: We had a view even from the 9th floor. Very clean and cozy. Staff was really kind.\nMiinukset: I think for the resort fee it should have came with a little more amenities.\nMiinukset: Restaurant can be improved, i. e. choice & prices slightly too high\nMiinukset: No mini fridge :(\nKiinteistön sijainti Stanford Court San Francisco sijaitsee aivan kaupungin sydämessä ja sen vierestä löytyy muun muassa Gracen katedraali. Myös Lombard Street on lähistöllä. Tämän 4 tähden hotellin lähellä sijaitsee Pier 39 ja Palace of Fine Arts. Huoneet Tässä majoitusliikkeessä on 393 yksilöllisesti kalustettua huonetta, joiden varusteluun kuuluu muun muassa jääkaappi ja taulutelevisio. Varusteluun kuuluu pillowtop-patjallinen sänky sänky. Mukavuuksiin kuuluu iPod-telakointiasema ja digitaalikanavat. Käytössäsi on myös maksullinen langaton internetyhteys. Huoneissa on yksityinen kylpyhuone, ja niiden varusteluun kuuluu suihku-/ammeyhdistelmä, ilmaiset hygieniatuotteet ja hiustenkuivaaja. Palvelut Seuraavat palvelut ovat saatavissa: ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva kuntokeskus, maksullinen langaton internetyhteys, concierge-palvelut. Ruokailuvaihtoehdot Stanford Court San Francisco tarjoaa asiakkailleen ravintolan. Maksullinen buffetaamiainen tarjoillaan päivittäin kello 6.30–10.30. Bisnespalvelut, muut palvelut Käytössäsi on ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva business center, limusiinipalvelu ja ilmaiset sanomalehdet aulassa.\nPlussat: The room size, hotel location, and hotel bar.\nPlussat: Window view was loud but nice, room was clean and service was very good. Nice location. Jeffery was a great bartender showing professionalism with an intoxicated female needing assistance at the bar\nPlussat: Stanford Court hotel was in a terrific location. Cable car intersection right out the front door was super cool. The lobby and bar were upscale and clean. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a boutique hotel in San fransisco.\nPlussat: The location and our room size\nPlussat: GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE, EVERYONE IN THE LOBBY WAS VERY HELPFUL AND KIND. HOTEL WAS CLEAN, AND PROVIDES A FRESH SMELL AS YOU WALK IN. I LOVED THE WATER BOTTLES TO GET PURIFIED WATER AS YOU WALK IN OR LEAVE.\nPlussat: Beautiful hotel! Friendly staff, clean rooms, super comfy beds, great shower/bathroom set up! Would stay here every time I came to SF!\nPlussat: The room was great and the bedding was fantastic. The staff was great, very helpful. Location was ideal.\nPlussat: I liked the lady at check in helping resolve an issue with billing.\nMiinukset: the price related to the poor quality\nMiinukset: Under renovations\nMiinukset: Confusing layout, couldnt easily located the front desk for check in (temp location due to redecorating.) Also, booked a king, was given a queen with a \"better/more expensive view\" not cleared with us before. It was too late to change rooms when that was offered.\nMiinukset: Urban tax fee is a shady charge that was not explained at check in, The fee is for bike rental and internet, yet the Wi fi was listed as free and you would be insane to ride a bike down the hills. I had to argue to get it removed.\nMiinukset: The room size was a little small for the money, and you could hear everything from the hallway and surrounding rooms.\nMiinukset: Mandatory \"urban bundle fee\" of $20+ per night, even if you don't use or want the services. Housekeeping was bad -- there was a half full highball glass in the hallway outside our room for our entire stay. When we arrived on a December evening the room temperature was set to 54 degrees with cold air blasting in. Overall not a friendly or welcoming environment, unfortunately.\nMiinukset: Construction was very inconvenient will definitely not come back until it's completely remodeled.\nMiinukset: Since we were there during the renovation, there were no shops, etc. They had shampooed the carpet in the halls the day we arrived and there remained a wet rug smell throughout our stay.\nMiinukset: Somehow, the hotel reservations people decided I should pay for an extra night when I had cancelled that night the previous week. The lady at check in was very helpful and was able to resolve the issue, but I was disappointed I had the issue in the first place. It was not clear to me why this happened. The room was nice - but quite expensive in my opinion.\nPerustuu 7 833 arvosteluun\nKiinteistön sijainti The Mosser sijaitsee aivan kaupungin sydämessä ja sen läheltä löytyy muun muassa Westfield San Francisco Centre ja San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. Tämän hotellin lähellä sijaitsee Lombard Street ja Pier 39. Huoneet Tässä majoitusliikkeessä on 84 kodikasta huonetta. Mukavuuksiin kuuluu kaapelikanavat sekä ilmainen langaton internetyhteys. Kylpyhuoneessa on ilmaiset hygieniatuotteet ja hiustenkuivaaja. Varusteluun kuuluu puhelin, kattotuuletin ja silitysrauta/-lauta. Palvelut Seuraavat palvelut ovat saatavissa: ilmainen langaton internetyhteys, concierge-palvelut, alennus läheiselle kuntosalille. Ruokailuvaihtoehdot The Mosser tarjoaa asiakkailleen ravintolan. Palveluihin kuuluu baari/aulabaari, jos mielesi tekee raikasta juotavaa. Bisnespalvelut, muut palvelut Käytössäsi on kuivapesulapalvelu, ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva vastaanotto ja kielitaitoinen henkilökunta. Hyödynnä maksullinen kuljetuspalvelu lentokentältä hotellille (saatavilla ympäri vuorokauden).\nPlussat: It feels refreshing as soon as you walk in the room. Everything is clean and the beds are amazing.\nPlussat: The location was the only thing great about this hotel.\nPlussat: Location Price Staff\nMiinukset: The only thing I can say is wish they had a little mini fridge in the room.\nMiinukset: Having to share a bathroom and restroom with the entire floor. The bathroom on my floor didn't work so I had to use another floor. No real breakfast offered and parking rates were too much. Parked one block away for half the price.\nMiinukset: No amenities Bathroom didn't have a fan; instead, had a window that opened onto an adjacent room's bathroom window Ceiling fan was haunted\nMiinukset: I didn't like the bathroom/ shower located in the hall way that was basically too small to use. I barely fit on their bed in the original room. I upgraded to get my own bathroom and shower for $50 extra and this out me right over 4th street. Where it was so loud (even with both windows shut) and so bright from other lights (even with the blinds closed). The bed was as hard as a rock and oh yeah, let's not forget $49 a night to park your car at their hotel that you just spent $180 a night for and won't be able to sleep anyways.\nKiinteistön sijainti Adelaide Hostel sijaitsee aivan kaupungin sydämessä ja sen vierestä löytyy muun muassa Westfield San Francisco Centre. Myös Lombard Street on lähistöllä. Tämän hostellin lähellä sijaitsee Pier 39 ja San Franciscon yliopisto. Huoneet Tässä majoitusliikkeessä on 25 kodikasta huonetta. Voit valmistaa aterioita jaetussa keittiössä. Ilmainen langaton internetyhteys pitää sinut yhteydessä verkkoon. Käytössäsi on kylpyhuone, jossa on suihku ja hiustenkuivaaja. Ruokailuvaihtoehdot Maksuton mannermainen aamiainen tarjoillaan päivittäin kello 8.00–9.30. Bisnespalvelut, muut palvelut Käytössäsi on ilmainen kiinteä internetyhteys, ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva vastaanotto ja matkatavarasäilytys. Käytössäsi on maksullinen kuljetuspalvelu hotellista lentokentälle (käytettävissä pyynnöstä). Jos saavut autolla, voit pysäköidä helposti, sillä maksullinen itsepalvelupysäköinti kuuluu myös palveluihin.\nKiinteistön sijainti Kimpton Sir Francis Drake Hotel on kaupungin keskustassa, ja kävelyetäisyydellä sijaitsee Powell and Market raitiovaunujen kääntöpaikka. Myös Gracen katedraali on lähistöllä. Tämän 4 tähden hotellin lähellä sijaitsee Westfield San Francisco Centre ja Golden Gate Theatre. Huoneet Kaikissa 416 huoneessa on ilmastointi ja niiden varusteluun kuuluu iPod-telakointiasema sekä minibaari. Mukavuuksiin kuuluu maksuton internetyhteys (langaton ja kiinteä) ja 37-tuumainen taulutelevisio, digitaalikanavat. Huoneissa on yksityinen kylpyhuone, ja niiden varusteluun kuuluu suihku-/ammeyhdistelmä, designer-hygieniatuotteet ja hiustenkuivaaja. Varusteluun kuuluu puhelin, tallelokero (johon mahtuu kannettava tietokone) ja työpöytä. Palvelut Hotellin tarjoamiin harrastuksiin/mukavuuksiin kuuluu yökerho ja kuntosali. Tämän hotellin palveluihin kuuluu muun muassa ilmainen langaton internetyhteys, concierge-palvelut ja maksullinen lastenhoitopalvelu. Ruokailuvaihtoehdot Tämä hotelli tarjoaa asiakkailleen ravintolan, kahvilan ja huonepalvelun (rajoitettuina aikoina). Hotellista löytyy 2 baaria, joissa voit rentoutua päivän päätteeksi. Bisnespalvelut, muut palvelut Käytössäsi on ilmainen kiinteä internetyhteys, ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva business center ja limusiinipalvelu. Tämä hotelli tarjoaa asiakkailleen 1 neliömetriä kokoustiloja, joihin kuuluu kokoushuoneet ja kokoushuoneet.\nPerustuu 3 286 arvosteluun\nPlussat: Excellent location just one block from Union Square.\nPlussat: It was nice staying here again, it was comfortable and the price is the best for the location.\nPlussat: Just a few maintenance items marred what was otherwise a perfect score for this lovely boutique hotel. Great location and fabulous staff made for a fantastic stay,\nPlussat: Starlight Room - Top Floor View\nPlussat: The location was excellent. Friendly staff with spacious room. Loved the free wine cocktail reception.\nPlussat: Wine hour\nPlussat: Location great, but the noise was unbearable. Single pane window in the city under powel st. The constant early morning whistle of the doorman kept me awake. I had a headache one day and it didn't help having to listen to the door and whistle all morning. The plumbing/pipes screeching sound also constantly woke me up durning the night; which may explain the headache. Hotel is a cute boutique hotel, but the plumbing needs to be repaired & invest in double pane windows to replace the flimsy existing ones.\nPlussat: The Drake has a great location, it's clean and comfy with some traces of old excellence. The Concierge was very helpful with directions and suggestions for meals.\nPlussat: Good location for areas of interest\nPlussat: The Sir Francis Drake is adjacent to Union Square, Chinatown + the cable car line. You can walk to almost anything you need, and you don't need to go far. The staff is always helpful, even to late arrivals wanting a different room. The housekeepers respect \"do not disturb\" signs -- important when paperwork is left everywhere -- but are quick to make up a room when you're ready. AND it's across the street from Sears Fine Food, another SF tradition.\nPlussat: I lived the location and ambiance of the hotel.\nMiinukset: Because we received a low room rate through Kayak we were told “there were no king or queen rooms available and had to accept two double beds or “an historic (tiny) room”. The bathroom in this double room was damaged, tiny & you had to hold the toilet lever down for several seconds in order for it to work. Even though we were on the eighth floor, because the window has not been upgraded the noise level from the street was disturbing. And finally, it is ridiculous that people have to lineup and wait 5 to 15 minuets to get an elevator in the lobby. There are 4 elevators for a few hundred rooms which inadequately services the guests. Not recommended for a comfortable visit.\nMiinukset: Theyou need more towels in the room and more soap. When we got in there was not any soap to washave your hands and no bath soap.\nMiinukset: Blocked drains and a dicky light switch were a slight issue but were attended to promptly.\nMiinukset: Old - in bad need of repairs Rooms were tiny Elevators took forever to arrive Service was poor starting with the front desk\nMiinukset: Small rooms Few amenities\nMiinukset: Small bathrooms, placement of valet was a bad place\nMiinukset: Tiny bathroom but then, who comes to San Francisco to hang out in the bathroom?\nMiinukset: The room was super tiny. Staff was nice but it sure if I would rebook.\nMiinukset: When it's busy, the elevators take a minute to get to you. Be prepared to wait. The bar backs up, too, and that can mean getting a drink when it's crowded is an ordeal -- especially since the lobby cab get loud. But the people are nice, so in terms of this negative, it's really just a fact that's not terrible.\nMiinukset: Rooms could be upgraded a little bit and thought it was a little pricey.\nKiinteistön sijainti Lähistöllä sijaitsee muun muassa Westfield San Francisco Centre. Myös Lombard Street on lähistöllä. Tämän hostellin lähellä sijaitsee Pier 39 ja San Franciscon yliopisto. Huoneet Tässä majoitusliikkeessä on 90 kodikasta huonetta. Voit valmistaa aterioita jaetussa keittiössä. Ilmainen langaton internetyhteys pitää sinut yhteydessä verkkoon. Huone siivotaan päivittäin ja maksulliset lisävuoteet voidaan toimittaa pyynnöstä. Palvelut Seuraavat palvelut ovat saatavissa: ilmainen langaton internetyhteys, concierge-palvelut, televisio julkisissa tiloissa. Ruokailuvaihtoehdot Palveluihin kuuluu baari/aulabaari, jos mielesi tekee raikasta juotavaa. Maksuton mannermainen aamiainen tarjoillaan päivittäin kello 7.00–10.00. Bisnespalvelut, muut palvelut Käytössäsi on ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva vastaanotto, kielitaitoinen henkilökunta ja matkatavarasäilytys.\nPlussat: Location of the hotel Guides Price\nMiinukset: Bed Furniture Room temperature control\nKiinteistön sijainti Villa Florence San Francisco on Union Square sijaitsee aivan kaupungin sydämessä ja sen vierestä löytyy muun muassa Westfield San Francisco Centre. Myös Lombard Street on lähistöllä. Tämän 4 tähden hotellin lähellä sijaitsee Pier 39 ja San Franciscon yliopisto. Huoneet Kaikissa 189 huoneessa on ilmastointi ja niiden varusteluun kuuluu jääkaappi sekä LED-TVt. Mukavuuksiin kuuluu satelliittikanavat sekä maksullinen langaton internetyhteys. Huoneissa on yksityinen kylpyhuone, ja niiden varusteluun kuuluu suihku-/ammeyhdistelmä, designer-hygieniatuotteet ja hiustenkuivaaja. Varusteluun kuuluu tallelokero, työpöytä ja puhelin (ilmaiset paikallispuhelut). Palvelut Seuraavat palvelut ovat saatavissa: kuntosali, maksullinen langaton internetyhteys, concierge-palvelut. Bisnespalvelut, muut palvelut Käytössäsi on ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva business center, kuivapesulapalvelu ja ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva vastaanotto. Tämä hotelli tarjoaa asiakkailleen 186 neliömetriä kokoustiloja, joihin kuuluu kokoushuoneet ja kokoushuoneet. Palveluihin kuuluu maksullinen itsepalvelupysäköinti.\nKiinteistön sijainti Amsterdam Hostel sijaitsee aivan kaupungin sydämessä ja sen vierestä löytyy muun muassa Gracen katedraali. Myös Lombard Street on lähistöllä. Tämän hostellin lähellä sijaitsee Pier 39 ja San Franciscon yliopisto. Huoneet Tässä majoitusliikkeessä on 32 kodikasta huonetta. Ilmainen langaton internetyhteys pitää sinut yhteydessä verkkoon. Käytössäsi on kylpyhuone, jossa on suihku ja hiustenkuivaaja. Palvelut Hyödynnä terassi sekä ilmainen langaton internetyhteys. Bisnespalvelut, muut palvelut Käytössäsi on tietokonepiste, ympäri vuorokauden auki oleva vastaanotto ja matkatavarasäilytys.\nPlussat: Good location and price.\nPlussat: FIRST DORM ASSIGNED TO ME AT CHECK-IN WAS EXCELLENT!! STAFF WAS VERY HELPFUL AT TIME OF ARRIVAL.\nMiinukset: The kichen in the under ground floor\nMiinukset: Everything. Noisy, dirty, poor bathrooms, bad smells.\nMiinukset: AFTER WORKING NIGHT BASEBALL GAME I ARRIVED BACK HOSTEL AROUND 11:P.M. FOUND I HAD BEEN GIVEN UPPER BUNK,MADE RESERVATION WEEK IN ADVANCE REQUESTING LOWER BUNK,AND AFTER ENTERING DORM FOUND NO LADDER FOR USE TO GET UPPER BED!!!!!ASKED NIGHT MANAGEMENT FOR LADDER SO I COULD GET SOME SLEEP AS WAS VERY TIRED THEY DECIDED TO RELOCATE ME TO DIFFERENT DORM WHICH WAS DOWN HALLWAY IN CORNER,AN OVER-FLOW ROOM. UPON ENTERING FOUND THAT STILL NEEDED TO CLIMB LADDER TO UPPER BUNK!!! WHY THE SWITCH???? LADDER SWUNG OUT FROM BUNK AND WAS NOT CLOSE TO BEING SECURE!! UPON TRYING TO CLIMB DOWN LADDER IN A.M. I ACTUALLY FELL OFF LADDER AND LUCKILY WAS NO HURT VERY BAD!!!!!!FURTHERMORE RESERVATION WAS MADE AT 9:A.M. DO NOT THINK I WILL EVER STAY THERE AGAIN!!\nKiinteistön sijainti Artmar Hotel on kaupungin keskustassa, ja kävelyetäisyydellä sijaitsee Westfield San Francisco Centre. Myös Asian Art Museum of San Francisco on lähistöllä. Tämän hotellin lähellä sijaitsee Cable Car Museum. Huoneet Kaikkien 28 huoneen varusteluun kuuluu jääkaappi ja LED-TVt. Mukavuuksiin kuuluu satelliittikanavat sekä ilmainen langaton internetyhteys. Kylpyhuoneessa on suihku, ilmaiset hygieniatuotteet ja hiustenkuivaaja. Huone siivotaan päivittäin ja silitysrauta/-lauta voidaan toimittaa pyynnöstä.\nPlussat: Horrible location with dozens of stinking homeless ugly people\nPlussat: The staff was friendly and quickly buzzed us in. The room itself was clean and comfortable. The AC worked well and the windows opened for fresh air, when it was cooler. It was a non-smoking room.\nPlussat: First of all the Tenderloin district can feel unsafe/dodgy at times if you're not used to it. The Artmar is very close to Union Square and downtown for the price. The staff was helpful and courteous to us though less so to some of the regulars.\nMiinukset: Tenderloin? Never heard of it? Neither did we. Even the airport shuttle didn't hear of the Artmar. The airport shuttle. Well we learned quickly because it was close to midnight and Tenderloin was in full action. 2 cop cars flanked both sides of the street. Music was loud as well as the homeless people and drug addicts roaming around on this street. Luckily I'm used to working in these underserved neighborhoods. Many travelers might not be, especially with young children. What was interesting was that the Hilton and Ritz Carlton are 2 blocks away from the Artmar, so one might think it's in a decent neighborhood. When I originally read it the reviews, the Artmar Hotel didn't seem bad. After I booked, it seemed that I was privy to more bad reviews. The bathrooms did need to scrubbed with bleach. And the other clientele were colorful with tattoos and knives.\nMiinukset: The area is a little sketchy due to a church that feeds the homeless nearby. The bathroom and toilet facilities on the floor we staid on did not have a sink which leads to logistical hygiene issues as you have to clean your hands back in your room.\nSweden House Hotel puts you in a great location, within just a 10-minute walk of Union Square and Westfield San Francisco Centre. Guests looking for a bite to eat can check out Golden Era Restaurant, which serves lunch and dinner. Also, Lombard Street and Asian Art Museum of San Francisco are within a short drive.\nKokonaisarvosana 3,5 Keskiverto\nPlussat: Wifi is free.\nPlussat: I like that guests are provided q front door key and that there is not a 24 hour desk smiling and greeting you evwrytime youcomw amd go, small hotels can tend to bw o. The nosey side and we all know that once bias sets in it is over for the defenseless traveler.\nKeskiverto 3.5\nMiinukset: Room, everything was not good\nMiinukset: I thought I cancelled my stay on time, but I realized that they gonna charge a night if I'm after 48 hours before check-in. I'd check-in late night anyway, other hotels allow you to cancel 1 day prior, not 2 days.\nMiinukset: DO NOT STAY HERE. First, it shouldn't even be called a hotel. There's no bathrooms in the rooms, it's like an old dormitory from 1834. It smells like an old lady. If you try to call, they won't answer the phone because it goes to a Google voice number. Shower is locked after 10 pm. Communal bathrooms that have trouble flushing. Noisy. Crack heads. No toiletries. NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!!!!! Run and never look back.\nMiinukset: Restroom is suck.\nMiinukset: Front desk man has rhe personality of a catty teenager, shotty, spoiled, and kind of a priss about everything thing. It gets old. Also, more towels are needed and there are bugs, lots of bugs.\nMiinukset: Bed Sheets where full of stains, and blood, building and rooms, need updated, entire place lacks cleanliness, neighborhood is full of homeless people, living on the sidewalks, using drugs.\nSan Francisco-hotellitarjoukset. Etsi hotelleja: San Francisco. Etsi edullisia hotellihuoneita: San Francisco. KAYAK etsii puolestasi sadoilta matkailusivustoilta auttaakseen sinua löytämään halpoja hotelleja ja varaamaan juuri sinulle sopivan hotellihuoneen.", "timestamp": "2018-01-16T21:45:35Z", "url": "https://www.fi.kayak.com/San-Francisco-hotellit_Un-Scripted-Theater-Company.L68936.13852.hotel.ksp"}