{"text": "Good Chocolate Wanted: Szántó Tibor Porcelana 70%\nThe wrappers of Hungarian Szántó Tibor chocolate bars are made of cardboard and first open up like a matchbox (at least a Finnish one). Next you open some flaps from under which you finally see the stylishly packaged yet small (30 g) chocolate bar. The bar is divided into irregular pieces that are decorated with picutres of cocoa pods and leaves. Looks really nice and already the opening mechanism itself makes this feel very luxorious. Even the bag holding the chocolate is easy to open. The minor thing that the look of the wrappers lack is more than compensated by these mentioned properties.\nThe chocolate has a sweet aroma. Actually the aroma is not too far from milk chocolate since all the aromas are quite mild. The aroma is \"basic good\" and I'm thinking if I should take the whole bar out of the bag so I got all the aromas at once.\nWhen I saw the words \"stone ground\" I pretty much figured out that the texture would be something else than silky smooth and I was right. There is more than a minimal amount of grainyness. On the other hand it feels like the grainyness is getting less and less the further I get in tasting the pieces in my mouth. After a few pieces my tongue does however feel a bit coarse and chewing (which I usually try even if I think it's the wrong way to enjoy chocolate) emphasizes the grainyness.\nThe mild aromas made me expect a mild or even bland taste. On the other hand the cocoa variety and my previous encounters with it make me expect vivid flavours. Luckily there are flavours in the chocolate and they are more or less like what I expected. In contrast to my previous encounters with Porcelana there seem to be some dominating spicy and tar-like flavours in this chocolate. The flavours are not strong overall but by no means bland. In addition to the mentioned spicy flavours there is a fruity flavour that comes and goes. This would most likely be an easy dark chocolate to a newcomer to dark chocolates as well. Then again, those spicy flavours might lift some eyebrows. To me this tastes exciting.\nThe aftertaste is pretty neutral much like the aroma was. There are no big flavour explosions but one remarkable thing is that there is really none of cocoa's natural bitterness in the aftertaste. Some of the flavours I got earlier are trying to come out in the aftertaste as well, but they are too mild to describe in more detail.\nUnkarilaisen Szántó Tiborin suklaalevyjen kääreet ovat pahviset ja aukeavat jännästi ensin tulitikkuaskimaisesti. Seuraavaksi avataankin ulos tulleesta osasta läpät, joiden alta paljastuu tyylikkäästi pakattu pieni (30 g) suklaalevy. Levy on jaoteltu epäsäännöllisiin palasiin ja palaset on kuvioitu kaakaopuun hedelmien ja lehtien kuvilla. Näyttää todella hyvältä ja jo pelkästään pakkausmekanismi saa suklaan tuntumaan todella yleelliseltä. Suklaa on vielä pussissa, jonka avaaminen on tehty todella helpoksi. Se pieni \"jokin\" mikä kääreiden ulkonäöstä ehkä puuttuu vähintäänkin korvaantuu näillä muilla em. ominaisuuksilla.\nSuklaa tuoksuu pussissaan hitusen makealta. Tuoksu ei ole niin mahdottoman kaukana maitosuklaan tuoksusta, sillä varsinaisia \"normaalista\" poikkeavia aromeja ei ole. Tuoksu on sellainen perushyvä suklaan tuoksu ja jäänkin miettimään pitäisikö koko levy ottaa pois pussukasta, jotta tuoksu pääsisi paremmin esiin.\nKun näin kääreissä maininnan \"stone ground\" osasin jo aavistaa että koostumuksen osalta kyseessä olisi jotain muuta kuin silkkisen sileää ja olin oikeassa. Suklaassa on rakeisuutta ja sitä on vähintäänkin kohtalaisesti. Toisaalta tuntuu että jokaisen palasen imeskelyn alkuvaiheessa tuntuva rakeisuus vähenee ja katoaa palasen sulaessa. Kieli kuitenkin jää hieman karheaksi suklaan syömisestä ja pureskelu (jota yleensä kokeilen, vaikka se onkin minusta väärä tapa syödä suklaata) vain korostaa rakeisuutta.\nKeywords / Avainsanat: 61-70%, 8.50 - 8.99, English & Suomi, Hungary / Unkari, Szántó Tibor, Venezuela", "timestamp": "2020-01-21T00:41:04Z", "url": "http://chocolatewanted.blogspot.com/2015/05/szanto-tibor-porcelana-70.html"}