{"text": "Olivia Rouge: No plans for the weekend? Read below and think again!\nNo plans for the weekend? Read below and think again!\nSo now it is time to give you some great hints on what to do next weekend if you are around Tampere area.\nFirst of all, me and my gals from Tease Queens have a gig on Friday, 1st of October at Yo-Talo. There will be some tail shakin' and some swinging hot music played by excellent dj:s : John Wayne and Mr. Willy! I know I need to leave my corset at home and put some dancing shoes on since the night will be almost a work out with all the jiggle and wiggle!\nFor more info about the event go to: Facebook\nAnd when you have gotten yourself together after the night of fun at Yo-Talo, you should come and see a movie called On Tour (Tournée) which is a movie about burlesque and most of the cast are fellow burlesque performers from USA, like Dirty Martini, Kitten on The Keys and Julie Atlas Muz! So how could this film not be something that you have to watch? I have no idea!\nPart of the cast, photo google\nAnyway the film is played in the movie theater Niagara on Sat. 2nd of October at 8:45 p.m! I will be there, you should come too!\nLähettänyt Olivia Rouge klo 8.48\nthe freelancer's fashionblog 27. syyskuuta 2010 klo 11.09\nMä olin vähän pettynyt tohon elokuvaan kun näin sen, mutta nyt jälkeenpäin ku miettii nii olihan se ihan kiva. Ne esiintymiskohdat oli hienoja! Mut sit siel oli sellaisia juttuja mitkä oli niin ei-todellisia, kuten se et yks nainen esim. raivoo kaupassa Mimille, ei kukaan teikis sellaista oikeasti sillä tavalla kun se siellä tapahtuu... Mut anyway, katsomisen arvoinen leffa kuitenki :)\nOlivia Rouge 27. syyskuuta 2010 klo 12.44\nJoo no mä en kyl oikeestaan itse leffalta odota mitään, meen vaan innolla kattoon noita ihania esiintyjiä valkokankaalla. Ehkä tää on ihan hyvä lähtökohta :D\nTiia - Candy Sweetheart 28. syyskuuta 2010 klo 12.12\nEihän tässä nyt spoilata sun leffaelämystä..? Pakko vaan päästä lisäämään, että yliampuvuutta tasapainotti kyllä ranskalaiselle elokuvalle tyypilliset (kaurismäkeläiset, hehheh..) seesteiset hetket.. Mut kaikkineen riemastuttava leffa silti, juuri sopivasti rietas. :D", "timestamp": "2017-11-18T02:33:59Z", "url": "http://oliviarouge.blogspot.com/2010/09/no-plans-for-weekend-read-above-and.html"}