{"text": "Parhaat 20 loma-asuntoa kohteessa Saint Peters, loma-asunnot ja vuokrahuoneistot - Airbnb Saint Peters, Uusi Etelä-Wales, Australia\nRyhdy majoittajaksiApuaRekisteröidyKirjaudu sisäänSaint Peters · Milloin tahansa · 1 vierasSaint PetersMilloin tahansa1 vierasMissäMilloin tahansa1 vierasHuonetyyppiHintahaarukkaPikavarausLisää suodattimiaSave to Wish List Tule jäädä Vinh & Stuart (Myönnetään yksi Australian alkuun isännät Airbnb toimitusjohtaja Brian Chesky & merkittävä omistajaryhmä Ashton Kutcher. Olemme Sydneyn # 1 tarkistetaan isännät liikaa). Selvitä, miksi olemme positiivisesti tarkistetaan 500+ kertaa. Lue listaus ensimmäinen (vihje vihje) Emme hyväksy varauksia ihmisiltä ilman todennettu profiilin. Ja älä tee varauspyynnön ennen kuin olemme vaihtaneet viestejä. Olemme innokkaita keskustella 1. ja varmistaa voimme tarjota sinulle \"Five Star Stay\" Ota tervehtimään ja viesti meille * ENNEN * teet varauspyynnön ... Se auttaa asioihin vauhtia, ja sileä asioita ... Lue meidän listalle. Se tekee saada vahvistettu varaus niin paljon helpompaa :) Katso alla (vihje vihje) - G'Day Vinh & Stuart Sydneyssä! Kiitos, että tulit tutustu listaus :) Meillä on toinen BTW ... http://www.airbnb.com/rooms/73639 jos tämä ei ole käytettävissä \"Sydney City Home on näköala satamaan\"; meidän ylimääräinen huone ullakolla. Olemme melko rento isännät, ja Sydneyn # 1 isännät me aktiivisesti osaa Airbnb yhteisössä, mutta emme täysin ymmärrä oleskelevat jonkun toisen kanssa, omassa kotona, ei jokaisen-one. Saamme sen, meidän paikka ei ole kaikille. Joten emme loukkaannu, jos jätät tämän listan (siellä on runsaasti muita hienoja Airbnb listauksia valita, että eivät tarjoa isännöi kokemus). Koska olimme ensimmäisten joukossa Airbnb'ers Australiassa (matkustajat + isännät) olemme kehittäneet varsin laajan profiili perustuu kaikkiin vieras kysymysten vastauksista vuosien varrella. Lukeminen läpi kuvauksen loppuun (vihje vihje), ja \"talon säännöt\", tarkoittaa löydät kaikki tärkeät tiedot, sinun täytyy tehdä Sydney Airbnb pysyä fantastinen yksi. Voit vapaasti lähettää meille viestin kysymyksiin sinulla on meistä, kotimme, Pyrmont, Sydney, tai Airbnb ... Olisi kiva kuulla sinusta! : D Tämä ei ole yritysten tai hotelli. Olemme rento Airbnb isännät, ei hotellialan. Tämä on meidän perheen koti. Asumme täällä. Et ole vuokraamisesta tyhjän asunnon. Tämä ei ole 'osa-anna'. Ja meillä ei ole ryhmä vahtimestarit odottamassa laukut tahansa päivällä tai yöllä. Meidän \"check in\" / \"saapumisaika\" / \"bag drop\" on kaikille sama asia. Huoneesi: * Makuuhuone (lukittava ovi) * Queen size-vuode * Kaikki vuodevaatteet, tyynyt, peitot, pyyhkeet, jne, edellyttäen liian * Täysin ilmastoitu * Wifi Kevyt aamiainen (muroja, hedelmiä, paahtoleipää) olivat: * Breakfasty asioita ja maukkaita * Kauden hedelmiä * Paahtoleipä * Yhteensä pääsy \"Seinfeld kaapissa\" * Kaikki Vegemite voit käsitellä * Teet & kahvia - Olemme espresso vihollisia, älä syytä meitä, jos jätämme paikka täysin kytketty, tai riippuvaisiksi yhden alkuperää; p Vieraskylpyhuone (jaettu): * Suihku instant (täysi paine) kuumaa vettä * Hiustenkuivaaja * Pyyhkeet Your Sydney Home: * Upeat näkymät Sydney Harbour, White Bay, ja Glebe Island * Kolme taso rivitalossa * Vain 2 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä keskustasta Pyrmont * Vain muutaman minuutin kävelymatkan päässä kaikesta Sydney tarjoukset * Lähellä lentokenttää ja kaikkia julkisen liikenteen * Hiljainen katu * Ulkona kannelle mahtuu ja veden tarkastelua * Täysin ilmastoitu * Free wifi koko talon Pari asiaa sinun täytyy tietää ennen varauksen: -> jyrkät portaat - Koska talo on kolme tasoa, ja portaat ovat jyrkkiä, emme suosittele omaisuutta ihmisille, jotka haluavat matkustaa paljon matkatavaroita, ihmiset tahansa liikkuvuuteen liittyvissä asioissa, tai lapsille. -> Keskustele ensin - Lähetä meille viesti ja jutella kanssamme ennen kuin teet varauspyynnön -> SAATAVUUSPERIAATE kalenteri on tarkka - Ole hyvä vain varata pyynnön tarkka (ja täydellistä) päivämäärät, jota tarvitset. Voit käyttää kalenteria meidän listalle nähdä meidän saatavuuden kuukausittain. Jos päivämäärät tarvitset eivät näy niin käytettävissä että kalenteri, se johtuu siitä me varannut kyseisenä aikana ... Anteeksi :( -> SUOSTUT saapumisajat ennen kuin teet varauspyynnön - Asiakkaiden saapumisaika on kahdeksantoista. Katso \"Muuta huomioitavaa\" lisätietoja tuloajat / check in / pussi pudota yksityiskohtia jne Viestin ensin tietoja aiottua saapumisaika ennen kuin teet varauspyynnön. -> profiilisi on vahvistettu - Olemme paljon todennäköisemmin hyväksy pyyntöjä Airbnb'ers profiilien kanssa, ystävien, ja suositukset jne Samoin olosi mukavammaksi tietää enemmän ihmisiä olet oleskelevat kanssa, teemme myös. Ja profiilin kuva kissa ei oikeastaan leikata sitä joko ... KYSY - Ole hyvä vain lähettää meille viestin, jos olet kysyttävää luonamme, tai vierailevat Sydney. FIVE STAR STAY - Nyt täällä on tärkein bitti: ** Käytä koodisanoista; \"Viisi tähteä Stay\" kun viesti meille varauksen - Pudota nämä sanat viestiin meille. Se kertoo meille, että olet lukenut nämä tiedot, ja ne ovat valmiina fantastinen viiden tähden isännöi kokemus meitä Sydney City kotiin. Ei voi odottaa tavata! Kippis, Vinh & Stuart PS Hyvin tehty lukemiseen näin pitkälle! Useimmat ihmiset eivät :( Anteeksi, tämä on niin pitkä, mutta me tiedämme olemme vastannut kaikkiin kysymyksiin nyt. Ja muista käyttää koodia sanat; \"Viisi tähteä Stay\" viestissäsi. Pyrmont on keskustan kylässä Sydney, vain noin 2kms päässä Sydneyn (Central Business District) / Core, aivan vieressämme Darling Harbour ja Chinatown. https://www.airbnb.com.au/locations/sydney/pyrmont Pyrmont on rento yhteisö tuntuu kanssa kantakaupungin fiilis. Pyrmont on vain noin 2kms (10-15 min kävelymatka) päässä keskustasta Sydney laaja valikoima paikallisia ravintoloita, baareja ja pubeja. Siellä on joitakin todella hyviä baristas ja kahviloita oikeus lähellä kotiamme (Go ja sanoa hei Damien & Tim Bar Zini - se on yksi meidän paikallinen listaan). Ei viiden tähden hienoista oikeuden kautta rasvaisen lusikka noutoruokapaikkoja joidenkin Australian parhaista ravintolat helpon matkan päässä. * Darling Harbour ja Cockle Bay * Näyttely ja kokouskeskukset * Sydney Fish Markets * Pyrama Point Park * Jones Bay Wharf * Star (Casino) ja ruokaloihin, baareja ja Lyric Theatre * Powerhouse Museum * National Maritime Museum Myös (takaisin elintarvike - huomaa teema?): * Kaksi päivittäistavarakaupan / supermarketit vain kävelymatkan päässä * Myös hyvä viini-kauppias (ja veneet oluet) päähän meidän kadulla * Fantastic herkkukauppa Signorelli Gastronomia kulman takana * Ruokakaupat, ruokakauppa ja supermarketit * Pyrmont Viljelijät markkinat 1. lauantai kuukaudessa; maatila suora ja käsityöläinen foodies. Pyrmont oli aikoinaan kukoistava teollisuuden ranta / toimiva satama-alue, jossa laivanrakennus, tehtaissa ja villa-myymälöissä. Kymmenen viime vuoden aikana on ollut huomattava virtasi uutta asukkaiden ja kaupallinen / asuinalue, joka on muuttanut alueelle trendikäs yhdistelmä kantakaupungin asukkaiden ja kaupallinen esikuntien. Esimerkiksi Goo GLE on niiden Sydneyn toimisto, \"Goo gleplex\" vain tiellä, kuten Fairfax Media, Nokia, ja Seven Network (TV). Media Production talot, putiikki kaapeli-tv, jne. UTS (teknillinen yliopisto) kampuksen, ABC: n Ultimo pääkonttorin (Australian National Esittäjä), Sydney Convention Centre ja Sydneyn viihdekeskuksessa, ovat kaikki kävelymatkan päässä. Sydney University on noin 20 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä (vain 10 min ohjaamon tai bussilla). Syö, juo, riemuitse: Koska ex-ravintoloitsijat olisimme mielellämme kohta sinua oikeaan suuntaan suurta ateriaa Sydneyssä. Ja siellä on paljon hanasta liikaa. Et voi kävellä enemmän kuin korttelin kaikkiin suuntiin kävelee turvakaaren ja paikalliseen pubiin tai viinibaari, tai suuri kahvilassa tai ravintolassa ... Jotta saat käsityksen, siellä 9 Sydneyn top 10 ravintolaa kävelyetäisyydellä: * Rockpool * Momofuku Seiobo * Quay * Sepia * Est * Rockpool Bar & Grill * Tetsuya n * Bentley * The Bridge Room Ja siellä on runsaasti paikallista väriä ja suuri maistuu mikä tahansa hinta näyttää tai kulinaarisia suosikki. Täyden valikoiman kahviloita ja ravintoloita välillä, oikeuden kautta halvalla ja iloinen Harryn Cafe de Wheels (myöhäisillan Sydney laitos), Nuudeli King ja kaikki elinvoimainen tarjoukset Chinatown ei ole loppua vaihtoehtoja ... Modern australialainen , persia, Goan, japani, Indonesia, Malaiji, Italian, Intian ... Kaikki ovella On tehtävä n (paikallinen listaan) Pyrmont ovat: * Bar Zini * Gallon * Blue Eye Dragon * Le Trader * Sosiaalinen Brew * Valmistettu Italiassa * Vrindavan Intialainen ravintola * Hamachi-Ya * Kura * Hannahin Pies * Pioik Bakery * Lentävä kala * Signorelli Gastronomia * Diili * Brio * Yuzu * Sokyo * Persian Huone * Mustaksi Ezzard * Cafe Morso * Pikku Monk Idean? (Ja emme ole edes osunut Chinatown vielä!) Pyrmont on todella lähellä Sydneyn ja toinen kantakaupungin kyliä: * Helppo 10 minuutin kävelymatka keskustaan * Ostokset: QVB, TGV jne ... \"Lacroix Sweetie Lacroix\" * Circular Quay, Sydneyn oopperatalo ja BridgeClimb * King Street Wharf * Nykytaiteen museo * Taidemuseo NSW * Sydney Museum * Hyde-puisto * Kasvitieteellinen puutarha * Chinatown, Paddy Markets, ja kiinalainen puutarha * Surry Hills * Paddington * Historiallinen Rocksin alue * Kings Cross * Carriageworks Famers Markkinat @ Eveleigh joka lauantai * Pyrmont maaseutumarkkinoiden 1. lauantaina kuukaudessa My husband and I stayed with Vinh and Stuart during our honeymoon in October 2010. Vinh and Stuart were wonderful hosts to us in their beautiful home, and left us feeling as though we were visiting friends visiting, not strangers in a far away land. I can't recommend them highly enough. My husband and I would love the opportunity to visit Sydney again someday, and look forward to seeing Vinh and Stuart when we do.Veronika2010-11-01T00:00:00ZI really enjoyed my recent stay with Vinh and Stuart. They were friendly, welcoming and helped make my stay in Sydney a delight! They made me dinner one evening and over the course of my four days we had some great conversations about artists, the business of art, food and of course AirBnB. Staying at their place allowed me to have exactly the low key holiday that I had been hoping for. Thanks again, guys! Gordon2010-11-09T00:00:00ZVinh and Stu's place s perfectly located for exploring Sydney. Close enough to venture into the city, far enough away to be nice and quiet. The views out the back of the house are fantastic and the house is within an easy 10 minute walk of Darling Harbour with all its bars, restaurants and shops. Vinh and Stu are fantastic hosts, they are an easy laid back pair who are great to talk to and incredibly accommodating with lots of advice on the city to share. I would highly recommend Vinh and Stu and when we return to Sydney we will certainly look them up again.Steve & Ems2011-10-16T00:00:00ZWe enjoyed your hospitality. Thank you!Irene & Jurg2014-01-23T00:00:00ZExactly as advertised - great hosts with great and comfortable room. Definitely will try to come back again one day!! Thanks guys for a lovely stay! Corinne2016-03-08T00:00:00ZWe had a great time here, as everyone has mentioned I pinch myself for finding this location, it really is excellent....bear in mind when I say that , we walked everywhere so you need to be able to walk a lot. Vinh and Stuart were not around a lot, working guys! but still had time to chat and give suggestions which was wonderful. Stanley fish market is close so wish I would have found it earlier! Very casual so therefore comfortable and the other guests we met were like minded.....Les & Wes2016-11-21T00:00:00ZThis is a great location, especially as i was attending a conference at Darling Harbour - walking distance. Fabulous range of restaurants and cafes steps away - plus a beauty salon on the same street! Easy walk to public transport. On top of all that Vinh and Stuart are perfect hosts - friendly, interesting and informative, yet allowing privacy.Leila2011-06-03T00:00:00ZThese guys are so great... We have been in their house for 3 nights over Christmas and made us so much pleasure to met people so open and friendly! They told us a little of their history and their past, all while Kenji (their beautiful dog) enjoyed us with its games and its wonderful crown-shaped bowl... :-) The house is beautiful and in a great location, 15 minutes walk from Darling Harbour. Thank you guys and.. see you soon! Questi due ragazzi sono qualcosa di grandioso... Siamo stati nella loro casa per 3 notti nel periodo di Natale e ci ha fatto tanto piacere conoscere delle persone così aperte e socievoli, che ci hanno raccontato un po' la loro storia e il loro passato, il tutto mentre il bellissimo cane Kenji ci divertiva con le sue corse e la sua ciotola a forma di corona. La casa è molto bella e in una posizione comoda, a 15 minuti di cammino dal bellissimo Darling Harbour. Grazie ragazzi e a presto!Sabrina2011-12-26T00:00:00ZHuonetyyppiYksityinen huoneMajoituspaikan tyyppiTaloMajoittujien määrä2MakuuhuoneetPyrmont, Uusi Etelä-Wales, AustraliaSydney City & Harbour at the doorHinta€68 Sydney City & Harbour at the doorYksityinen huone · 1 vuode392 arvosteluaSave to Wish List Tervetuloa YK Redfern, vieressä Sydneyn Keskusta! Vieraita eri puolilta maailmaa ovat tehneet tämän valtavan, mukava, keskeisellä paikalla sijaitseva koti oman - lomat, tapaamisia, työ, romanttisille lomille - ja kuherruskuukausi! Oopperatalo ja Harbour Bridge ovat helppo 40 minuutin kävelymatka, tai vain kymmenen minuuttia Kaupungin Circle junalla Redfern. Viimeisten neljän vuoden aikana olen tyytyväinen ihmisiä Ruotsista, Saudi-Arabiasta, Trinidad ja Tobago, Sri Lanka, Iran, Suomi, Kanada, Etelä-Korea, Singapore, Yhdysvallat, Venäjä, Malesia, Hollanti, Intia, Norja, Uusi-Seelanti , Yhdistyneet arabiemiirikunnat, Vietnam, Espanja, Indonesia, Saksa, Irlanti, Englanti, Skotlanti, Wales, Brasilia, Egypti, Tanska, Hongkong ja Manner-Kiina, Ranska, Sveitsi, Japani, Dubai, Meksiko, Itä-Timor, Etelä-Afrikka, Itävallassa, Thaimaa ja Argentiina! Ja ensimmäinen belgialaiset juuri varattu, niin kuin minä olen varannut minun ensimmäinen loma Belgiaan :) Olet tervetullut yöpyä asunnossani mitä maasta on kotoisin. Olen isännöi muslimeja, juutalaisia, hinduja, kristittyjä, buddhalaisia, ateisteja ja luultavasti muita uskontoja. Kaikki ovat tervetulleita, ja kaikki tulee aina olemaan minun luonani. Erittäin GLBTI sopiva. Hyvin suora ystävällinen myös! Näinä aikoina, kun maailma on ärtynyt, matkustaminen on loistava tapa ihmisiä yhdistää, ja vieraita tulee luotettavia ystäviä. Kuka olet, tämä voi olla kodin Sydneyssä. On turvallinen undercover pysäköintialue. Omistan kaksi huoneistoa samalla kadulla, ja minä teen tämän saatavilla joko asunnon varata. Jos ajat Sydneyyn tai suunnittelet varaat vuokra-auton, kerro minulle, jotta voin varata parkkipaikalle sinulle ja perheellesi, mutta huomaa, että tämä on tarkistettava etukäteen. Olen tarjoaa valtavan, tyylikäs huoneisto hiljaisella kadulla, 10 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä Central Station tai vain viisi Redfern asemalta. Se on kirjaimellisesti neljän korttelin kaupunkiin. Tämä on koko ja laatu sviitti laadukas hotelli hinnalla keskimäärin huone ulos kaupungista. Vertaansa vailla laatua ja arvoa. Jos päivämäärät haluat ei ole saatavilla, mutta haluat silti kätevästi Redfern, tutustu minun muita paikallaan. Katso alempana sivulla - alle arvioita. Näet 'Tietoja Host'. Klikkaa \"+ Lisää -linkkiä ja näkemys koko profiili\". Sivulla näet minun muut huoneistot listattu Biggest Bed Sydneyssä! \" Kaikki kaupungin asunto on joitakin melua käsitellä. Vaikka ei ole juuri mitään liikenteen melua kadulta, siellä on yksi metrolinja korttelin päässä. Koko päivän En edes huomaa sitä, ja vaikka olen kevyt nukkuja, se harvoin häiritsee minua öisin. Monet vieraat kommentoida kuinka hiljainen ja rauhallinen asunto on, mutta jotkut asiakkaat ovat huomanneet sen ja mainitsi sen minulle. En tarjota korvatulppia jos tarvitset niitä (olen aina matkustaa niitä joka tapauksessa). Airbnb toimintoja pohjalta rehellisyyttä joten haluan korostaa tätä - samoin kuin huomata kuinka suuri ja mukava asunto on! Lähes 80 metriä suuri (860 neliöjalkaa) huoneistossa on erillinen makuuhuone, jossa on queen-size lateksi vuode, ja myös queen-size Murphy vuode toimistossa alkovi. Näet varavuode taittaa seinää vasten, takana pöytäni, kuvissa näyttää toimistossa. Yhdistetty olo-ruokailu-keittiö-toimisto on tilava. Normaali check in on klo 10 ja kassalle on klo 8. Tämä mahdollistaa puhdistusta ennen uuden vieraat saapuvat - mutta huomaa, että jos olet aamulento, voit pudottaa laukut pois ja pää pois kahvia ja aamiainen - monia suuria paikallisia kahviloita! - kun päätämme saada valmiina. Kätevä varhain aamulla saapuville. Sama lähtöaikaa. Tulen yhtä joustavia kuin pystyn. Minulla on ollut vieraita jättämään laukut täällä myöhään kahdeksantoista päivänä he tarkistaa, eikä raahata niitä ympäri kaupunkia ennen otsikko lentokentälle illalla lento. Mutta jos ei muuten keskusteltu, kassalle on klo 8, jotta kaksi tuntia pesu. Rakennus on noin 60 vuotias - entinen talli ja toimistot - mutta muutettiin lohkon viisi huoneistoa 10 vuotta sitten. Kaivoksen remontoitu kolme vuotta sitten. Ei ole hissiä, mutta vain yhdeksän askelta asunnon, ja neljä muuta aulasta asti olohuoneeseen. Redfern on eteläpäässä CBD, joten voit olla rauhassa kävellä varrella George St Oopperataloa, Circular Quay ja Harbour Bridge, ja palata kautta kasvitieteellinen puutarha. Olen myös teetä, kahvia (omalla espressokeitin), muroja ja tuoretta maitoa aamiaista. Airbnb on noin edullinen matka ja kokemusta elää kuin paikalliset. Se ei ole halpaa majoitusta vaan yhteisö perustuu luottamukseen, paikallistuntemus, yhteinen kiinnostus matkustaa ja yhteinen usko, että oleskelevat jonkun oma koti on erilainen ja kokemuksensa matkoilla. Tämän vuoksi - ja valtavat kustannukset Sydneyn kiinteistön - en pysty väheksyä. Hinnat Tarjolla ovat halvempia kuin toisen luokan hotelli, mutta asunto on valtava ja laadultaan erinomaista! Ole hyvä kokki! Ruokakomero on myös hyvin varusteltu mausteita, riisiä ja pastaa, öljyt, tomaattisäilykkeen jne Olen onnellinen jotta tämä saataville rehellisesti järjestelmä - vapaasti auttaa itseäsi vaan vaihda mitä käytät. Ei tarvitse vaihtaa öljyt, mausteet jne jos käytät viimeinen säiliön. Jättäkää minut muistiin mitä varastoida uudelleen! Haluan tehdä vierailustasi mahdollisimman vaivattomasti. Ministerit, ateistit, IT-ammattilaisille, ammatti hiihtäjiä, ammatti yachtswomen ja purjehtijat, joka on Chandler, taiteilijat, sosiaalityöntekijät, korujen, kirjanpitäjät, ihmiset heidän 10th hääpäivä, 25th hääpäivä, homoparien, yksinhuoltajat, pikkulapset, nuoret, elokuvantekijöitä , perhejuhlia, vanhan ystävä tapaamisia, sairaanhoitajat, yritysten omistajat, rakentajat, eläkeläisiä ottaen koko vuoden pois nauttimaan toistensa seurasta, kun ne matkustaa maailman. Ei huono sana niistä, ei pahaa sanaa mistään niistä. Maailmassa, joka tulee läpi ovesi kuin Airbnb isäntä saa sydämeni liidellä. Lähellä kaupunkia! Et voi voittaa lähiöissä, jotka rajoittuvat CBD mukavuussyistä, ja Redfern asema on yksi parhaista saada kaikkialla Sydneyssä. Rakastan historiaa, arkkitehtuuria, sekoitus ihmisiä kaikista kuviteltavissa kulttuuri elävät rinnakkain tämän erittäin moderni Sydney kylässä. Redfern on yksi vanhimmista alueita Sydneyssä, mutta tämä paikka on niin hiljainen ottaen huomioon kuinka lähellä se on keskellä Sydneyn. Se on sekoitus 19th century rivitaloja, tuloksia ja uusi asunto kehitystä. Alue oli alas-at-korkokengät vuosia, mutta se on lähellä kaupungin ja ehjä historia on nähnyt sen kukoistaa ja rakentaa uutta, hieno alue (seinästä seinään retro huonekaluliikkeet ja uusi pieniä baareja) viimeisen 10 vuoden aikana. Kaupungin keskusta on aivan lähellä, ja kaksi suurta rautatieasemat viiden minuutin kävelymatka tarkoittaa, että koko Sydney on helposti saatavilla. Itä lähiöstä linja kulkee Redfern, joten Bondi asemalta ja Itä esikaupunkien on noin 16 minuutin päässä. Bondi ja Tamarama Beach ovat vielä 15 minuutin bussimatkan päässä asemalta. Se on suuri kaupunki - ja tämä on hyvä paikka tutkia sitä. Paul's apartment was clean, organised, and comfortable. An absolute treat to live in this space with a convenient parking location and easy accessibility to the city. Thanks again Paul for this delightful stay!Shi2016-04-27T00:00:00ZSuperhost is a certainly title befitting of Paul. Soon after booking, I received a personalised email, detailed 'welcome pack' and photos of how to access everything which gave me huge confidence in my choice (as if the Airbnb photos weren't enough!). I was visiting Redfern for 4 days on a work trip, finishing up a highly stressful project. Paul's apartment provided the perfect balance of a personalised, yet immaculate space and exactly the relaxed environment I needed to come home to after a busy day. The street itself was nice and quiet at night, yet only a couple of hundred metres from Redfern station and such a convenient location for accessing Central Station, the university quarter and Surry Hills etc. Walking distance to everything you need. The apartment is beautifully furnished with everything you need, milk in the fridge, a coffee maker, washing machine, hanging rack, desk, good wifi, plenty of hanging space in the wardrobe and fast wifi. The secure, undercover parking just across the street was a huge bonus as parking is hard to find an incredibly expensive in central Sydney. In short, Paul could not have been more accomodating host and I will definitely be returning - if I can find a free space in his busy booking calendar. Thank you. Alice2015-12-03T00:00:00ZPaul is very friendly. He made efforts to meet us when we arrived. He answered and solved our questions timely. His apartment is clean, comfortable and cosy. We love the bed heater which warmed us every night. Thanks Paul for being so considerate. We love your choice of coffee too. Location is convenient with 5-8 min walk to train station. It's a Perfect stay for us. Will recommend to friends visiting Sydney. Angel and Patrick Angel2016-06-25T00:00:00ZPaul came down to the apartment to introduce himself! Got to like that personal touch. Ive experiences with other air bnb hosts where I do not meet them at all! Elaine 2016-04-01T00:00:00ZMy first exposure to airbnb & what a wonderful introduction: From Paul's initial prompt email reply to him sending detailed instructions for our late evening arrival. I knew we had chosen our 5 night mother/daughter reunion stay well. Location to public transport, walking distance to Crown St cafés & quirky shops or CBD this apartment is excellent. Coupled with quality fixtures, furnishing and artwork equals a winner apartment. Will definitely rebook for my next Sydney visit and I'm already hooked on airbnb. Many thanks Paul. Karen2014-01-13T00:00:00ZWe had a very pleasant stay in this apartment. It is very spacious and every thing we needed was there. The apartment is very well furnished. We felt like at home. Redfern is a very nice quarter, with a green grocer, good restaurants and cafes around the corner and the train very near to downtown. Paul is a very nice host and he was very helpful. We appreciated the evening, which we had together. It's a pity, that Sydney is so far away from us. When ever we had the possibility, we would like to stay in this apartment once again. We highly recommend staying at this place.Ruth2014-03-02T00:00:00ZWe had a wonderful time staying in Paul's apartment. It is centrally located and is close to all public transportation. It is an ideal base to explore beautiful Sydney. The apartment is tastefully decorated, spaceous and functional. Everything needed is provided for which made our week long stay feels like home! Paul is super communicative. His detailed instruction made checking in and out a breeze. Having traveled around the world extensively using Airbnb, I can attest that Paul is a super host. I highly recommended to our fellow travelers! He also take personal interest to meet his guests and we were fortunate to have that opportunity to share a lovely conversation one evening. Thank you so much for hosting us!Larry2016-02-03T00:00:00ZPaul, was a terrific host,very helpful and friendly. There were no surprises with the apartment,well laid out and modern with everything you need for a either a short or long stay. Beds were comfy too and the slight rumble of the trains were of no concern.....didn't disturb my slumbers. I certainly would book again when visiting Sydney. Thanks Paul for your help in allocating the local church. Easy access to public transport and a great walk into the city. We found returning to the Domestic terminal,it was cheaper to go by cab than use the airport link at Central Station,very expensive. Patricia2012-09-19T00:00:00ZHuonetyyppiKoko talo/asuntoMajoituspaikan tyyppiHuoneistoMajoittujien määrä4MakuuhuoneetRedfern, Uusi Etelä-Wales, AustraliaHuge Sydney Apartment + ParkingHinta€79 Huge Sydney Apartment + ParkingKoko talo/asunto · 2 vuodetta323 arvosteluaSave to Wish ListWe had a wonderful time celebrating a birthday on this yacht. The boat was lovely and David was a very welcoming host. Thank you.Dagmar2016-05-23T00:00:00ZDavid was very polite, knowledgeable and helpful before and during our stay. The yacht was amazing, just as described. We moored near the zoo and the view was insanely good. We had six people on the boat and it was very comfortable. We only wish our stay on the boat was longer! Lucy2016-10-17T00:00:00Z因为在悉尼只有半天时间,我们约定下午四点航行四个小时。虽然在出发前就被美景震憾,但是上船后还是被狠狠的美番啦,这就是我梦想中的悉尼,美丽的海港,棒棒的帆船,帅帅的主人,一切都很美好。 夏天的悉尼有点晒,但是我一点不介意,坐在船甲板上欣赏着海景,David一路详细地解说着,天哪,海港边的豪宅那么贵啊……… 我会推荐给以后来悉尼的朋友们,一定要来感受一下David的船,会给您的旅行留下美好的回忆。 谢谢LAN2016-02-15T00:00:00ZOur stay on Europa was an unforgettable experience - after only one night anchored at Athol Bay (by Taronga Zoo) we felt like we'd escaped to our own private beach. It was hard to believe we were only 30 minutes away from Sydney's CBD, and we'd spent less than 24 hours on board. David's yacht is French design at it's best - beautiful, highly functional and so user friendly. The bed's are very comfortable, the bathrooms are spacious, with all the luxuries you require, and the deck is large enough for a group to wine, and dine, and after a swim, relax and enjoy the sunset. You'd be hard pressed to find a more experienced, and worldly guide - I'm not sure how many other Airbnb host's have won the Sydney - Hobart championship, but I suspect they are a rare find! David has this down to a fine art - he knows the local waters like the back of his hand, and is helpful, friendly and very organised. I highly recommend a stay on Europa. Emma-Thérèse2016-01-19T00:00:00ZIt's difficult to put into words just how memorable and unique this experience was. The first night spent out in the harbour, looking back at the Sydney skyline was incredible. This was our first time in Sydney and to see the sunset and then watch the city slowly change from day to night was spectacular. The yacht was beautiful and very comfortable. David couldn't have been more flexible and accommodating with us. He went way beyond the expectations you would have of a host. The tour of the harbour and the knowledge he has, would have taken weeks to uncover and as we only had a few days in Sydney, this was the perfect way to get an overview. Thank you David. You helped me create memories my family will not forget. Alison2015-04-05T00:00:00ZDavid is a wonderful and thoughtful host. He brought us around the harbour and shared with us a few stories and fun facts. Awesome experience, will definitely be back in the Summer!Cassie2016-06-30T00:00:00ZAmazing host - so communicative and helpful!Chris2014-12-13T00:00:00ZOur stay on David's yacht was an incredible experience. Highly recommend the Harbour tour and the Taronga Zoo bay location for staying overnight - absolutely breath taking. Rebecca2016-11-21T00:00:00ZHuonetyyppiKoko talo/asuntoMajoituspaikan tyyppiVeneMajoittujien määrä6MakuuhuoneetDarling Point, Uusi Etelä-Wales, AustraliaLuxury Yacht on Sydney HarbourHinta€151 Luxury Yacht on Sydney HarbourKoko talo/asunto · 3 vuodetta231 arvosteluaSave to Wish ListWell done, you have found one of the best locations in Sydney to stay during your visit.Well done, you have found one of the best locations in Sydney to stay during your visit.\nOr for the more subdued there are plenty of parks, museums and harbour side charm in the neighbouring suburbs.Kiva asunto aivan mahtavalla sijainnilla. Asunto on hyvin varusteltu: keittiöstä löytyy hyvin astioita ja perusmausteet yms, kylpyhuoneesta saippuat jne. Charlotte on hyvin vieraanvarainen ja vastasi kaikkiin mahdollisiin kysymyksiimme erittäin nopeasti myös vierailun aikana. Sijainti on erittäin hyvä. Lähellä on lukuisia hyviä ravintoloita, kivoja puistoja ja keskustaankin on vain puolen tunnin kävely. Ainoa asunnosta ja emännästä riippumaton haitta olivat hyttyset, jotka yöllä ikkuna auki nukkuessamme häiritsivät unta.Laura2015-02-23T00:00:00ZFantastic spot in the centre of Potts Point closet to trains, restaurants and bars. everything is on your door step. Charlotte and Chris have everything in the apartment you could possibly want or need on your stay I stayed a week and felt like I was home. It's cosy and warm in winter and I could not fault my stay at this apartment.(EMAIL HIDDEN)2016-06-07T00:00:00ZCharlotte's listing in Potts Point is very popular and as such I was only able to book 2 nights, the first being literally the night as my flight arrived late and I had to follow the self check-in instructions. As a result of my late arrival and short stay I never got to meet Charlotte or Chris and sadly missed out on the wealth of knowledge they possess that have been mentioned in most other reviews. The space is as described and is a good size, with a comfortable bed, fast internet and a functional bathroom. You get access to the blue folder with recommended places to eat, walks you can do and so on. The cupboards are well stocked with many things from umbrellas to picnic blankets. A longer stay is really needed to take advantage of all the added goodies. For the short stay I had and the fact that I didn't meet the hosts, I felt that a cheaper hotel would have been better value for me.Sunil2016-04-01T00:00:00ZThoroughly enjoyed our stay at Charlotte's! Thanks again for having us. Perfect location within easy stroll to train station, great cafes and restaurants, botanical gardens, galleries, opera house, circular quay and cbd. Charlotte was fantastic with communicating and very keen to ensure we had everything we needed. Thanks for being so flexible with check in and check out times. Was lovely to be welcomed in person and made to feel at home. Apartment had great natural light with big bay windows, lots of guides, maps and info provided that all came in handy. There are a few stairs so you do need to save a little burst of energy when you return to the apartment at the end of your day. Area is safe and friendly. Definitely recommend the coffee at Room 10 cafe downstairs and the food at LL Wine and dine! Hope to come back again soon. Thanks Charlotte!Carmen & Anthony2016-09-05T00:00:00ZCharlotte met us on our first morning in Sydney, but after a 23 hours flying to get there, we had to tackle the 4 flights of stairs with two 23k bags to get to the Apt...... Luckily Charlotte was there to help my partner, the good news is, it was worth it. We found the apt. To be bright and airy and very well equipped. The new bathroom was a bonus. Lots of useful info was available and Charlotte's suggestions were very helpful. The location is perfect for sightseeing and getting around..close to everything you may want or need. We enjoyed our stay very much and would highly recommend Charlotte's place. David2016-05-02T00:00:00ZCharlotte was a great host. She met us on time and provided great information on the apartment and area. She also checked in with us mid stay to ensure all was well. The area is very convenient to major sights. Yes it can be noisey at night at times but that is expected as it is in an active bar/rest area that we enjoy. We have stayed in many Abnb places and this one was the most well equipped apt providing everything you might need and well organized. The apt furniture and flooring was new but the kitchen and bathroom appeared dated. However great value for the price and we totally enjoyed our experience in Potts Point and with Charlotte.Marilyn2016-02-03T00:00:00ZCharlotte's followup contact was fantastic - frequent emails and flexible meeting arrangements to get the keys etc! Although I know the area already, if you were a complete stranger to Sydney and Potts Point you would have no worries on arrival - excellent directions from the airport to the meeting place. The apartment was excellent and very well equipped. Great location, lots of light and very comfortable. You really just need your clothes, Charlotte has thought of everything you would need for your stay- very impressed for our very first Airbnb experience. Thanks. rick2014-06-20T00:00:00ZTop Location - heaps of amazing places to eat and drink literally just around the corner so no need to worry about food ;) no fuss getting into the city either. Self check-in super easy, just make sure you don't close the door when trying to open it as we did ^^ The flat is really cozy, the bathroom nice and bright - thumbs up for that. It may get a bit hot during the day in the summer but we didn't mind since we wanted it hot in our usual wintertime. Apart from that there's really everything there and Charlotte's a very attentive and helpful host (see the blue book) so we were very lucky to be able to stay at Potts Point :) Thank you Charlotte!Weronika2017-01-13T00:00:00ZHuonetyyppiKoko talo/asuntoMajoituspaikan tyyppiHuoneistoMajoittujien määrä3MakuuhuoneetSydney, Uusi Etelä-Wales, AustraliaSpacious and Modern Potts Point AptHinta€58 Spacious and Modern Potts Point AptKoko talo/asunto · 1 vuode214 arvosteluaSave to Wish ListA comfortable private room in a spacious 3-bedroom top-floor apartment in the historic Rocks + FREE PARKING onsite. Sweeping views over Circular Quay, the Opera House & City skyline. Lots of Sydney's best destinations only a short walk away.Walking distance to:\nThere are 2 spacious bathrooms each with large showers & spa baths. The one in the master room en-suite is used by us, the second one is the guest bathroom shared by two guest rooms.Claus and Jessica were lovely and helpful when we stayed here in Jan 2017. The apartment is gorgeous and clean with a beautiful view of the harbour. They were very helpful and didn't mind us asking questions about local places. Over all an amazing experience. Would certainly recommend. Beth2017-01-13T00:00:00Z☆☆☆☆☆5 Star!☆☆☆☆☆ Amazing place with a beautiful view, in a perfect location! We would definatly stay here again!Amy2016-03-29T00:00:00ZI booked a room in Claus ne Jessica's apartment for family friends and I'm passing on their feedback: they were absolutely delighted with the room, the apartment, the guest bathroom with their hosts. The fact that it offers a parking space was great because they had a rental car. The location is obviously unbeatable. They explored the city on foot and ferry and loved the restaurants and bars in The Rocks and Circular Quay. The place was exceptional value for money. Thank you so much for Claus and Jessica for accommodating my rather short-notice booking request and for the great communication.Suhela2015-10-18T00:00:00ZVery nice apartment and have two lovely pets in this house, they are amazingly cuteJamieljm2016-12-04T00:00:00ZDie Unterkunft entspricht den Bildern und der Blick ist einzigartig!Rita2016-05-23T00:00:00ZI arrived very early without a problem so I was able to start my vacations right away. I really enjoyed the place with the great view and felt very welcome also by the other house guest. Great place to explore the city, only minutes away from Circular Quay.Yves2015-03-01T00:00:00ZWe really enjoyed our stay! Claus & Jessica were really nice & hospitable. The Location is perfect - everything is around the corner. The room was nice any clean and quiet and the bathroom was large and modern. All in all we had s great time! Maike-Kristin2015-04-21T00:00:00ZWonderful location, very comfortable bed, awesome views. Jess greeted us with a friendly welcome & really helpful tour of the apartment so we knew where to find everything. And it was all so clean! The dogs were well behaved and quiet too. We hope to be back again! Lyndon2016-07-11T00:00:00ZHuonetyyppiYksityinen huoneMajoituspaikan tyyppiHuoneistoMajoittujien määrä2MakuuhuoneetThe Rocks, Uusi Etelä-Wales, AustraliaOpera and Harbour views Penthouse #1Hinta€123 Opera and Harbour views Penthouse #1Yksityinen huone · 1 vuode229 arvosteluaSave to Wish List Upea avo varasto muuntaminen katolla allas, BBQ-alue ja kuntosali. Yksityisen vierashuone nukkuu 2. Kävele kouluttaa 5 minuutin (Redfern Station) tai 20 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä kaupungin. Asua yhdellä Sydneyn alkuperäisestä Airbnb isännät. Spencer is a great and friendly host. He made us feel at home at first second. And Oscar is a cute dog who likes to be cherished. The apartment is nicely located, near airport and center. We enjoyed the roof top with the pool and barbecue. Our bedroom was comfortable, clean with Fresh towels for the pool and bathroom. Also we had free wifi access. We recommend a stay here !Christine2014-11-05T00:00:00ZThe apartment looks just like the picture and so does Spencer. Everything close including the train station. The bed is comfy, the room has a TV and the whole place is clean and tidy. It was my first air bnb experience and it was great. The dog and the fish make for a much more home environment than sitting in a boring expensive hotel.Florina2015-10-26T00:00:00ZIt is a very nice trip in Sydney.Spencer is a wonderful host: kind, welcoming and very easy-going. His house is just a 2-minute walk from the train station which is no more than 10 minutes to the Sydney CBD. Our room is very clean , tidy and the bed is very comfortable. Also Oscar ,Spencer' dog is very cute,who went to the lift door to welcome us. I couldn't ask for more cause Spencer even prepared for the wine for our special day. Thank you very much for all you've done for us,Spencer. I would definitely stay there again.manni2015-09-27T00:00:00ZDespite the chilly Australian winter, Spencer's place felt warm and cozy, with lots of natural light and the most lovely dog always there to get a belly rub. Redfern is a great neighborhood to explore central Sydney from, with cafes and boutiques nearby. Over all, Spencer took a lot of care to make sure the stay was pleasant, and I did enjoy Sydney very much.Bogo2015-09-07T00:00:00ZI would recommend staying with Spencer (and Oscar the dog) The Apartment was clean, warm and centrally located. Spencer was very helpful with good communication prior to my arrival and his directions to the apartment were clear and easy to follow (I have trouble with maps and am notorious for getting very lost) On arrival Spencer made me a much needed cup of tea and we had a pleasant chat. I had been a bit nervous about staying with airbnb as this was my first time but I needn't have worried as the whole experience was very positive. I will definitely be staying with Spencer and Oscar again on my next trip to Sydney and I give him five gold stars. Kim2014-11-08T00:00:00ZVery cozy and friendly place. The welcome snacks were very nice, my wife loved it. Spence was very helpful and we can make use of the kitchen. Quiet place to get a good rest after staying out the whole day.Anselm2016-04-18T00:00:00ZSpencer's apartment was a great choice for our Sydney visit. He was very willing to give us tips and had a guide book ready for us to borrow. It is very close to the train station which makes it very, very quick to get to for all touristy areas. Also, the well stocked fridge for breakfast - eggs, bread, juice, etc - was handy for us to get an energetic start to our day. Definitely recommend staying here! Francesca2014-04-28T00:00:00ZWe had a great time at Spencer's apartment and loved his old, gentle dog Oscar. We were made to feel extremely welcome from the moment we arrived. Spencer even encouraged us to eat the leftover yummy food he sells in his coffee van - I recommend the banana bread! Spencer was very friendly and helpful with all sorts of information about Sydney and the local area. The apartment itself was lovely and my husband enjoyed the gym. Alex2014-08-11T00:00:00ZHuonetyyppiYksityinen huoneMajoituspaikan tyyppiHuoneistoMajoittujien määrä2MakuuhuoneetRedfern, Uusi Etelä-Wales, AustraliaInner City Guest Room w/Pool+GymHinta€56 Inner City Guest Room w/Pool+GymYksityinen huone · 1 vuode261 arvosteluaSave to Wish ListWe love our place in Newtown and we hope you will too. We rent out our spare bedroom through BnB when our friends and family aren't visiting. As much as we love our space, we also love meeting people from around the globe.This is a private bedroom in a shared house located in a residential area with friendly neighbours. Supermarket, Post Office, Newtown and St' Peter train station, bus stops and a few shops and restaurants are within walking distance. Ideal place to experience as a local and a great location to get to anywhere in Sydney. Getting Around\nIt is the perfect base for your travels, with easy access to the city and further afield.It was a perfect place to stay, they let us do our laundry for free and also fed us breakfast for free. Two big bonuses when back packing! They were great people and their dog was super nice! Would recommend for anyone to stay there. Brenden2017-01-25T00:00:00ZTom and Trev are great, easy to talk with and make you feel like home. They are considerate for travelers and get everything what a travelers might need. Quite close to public transport and near to bars and restaurants, a great location to get engaged to the local. Joyce2016-11-15T00:00:00ZWonderful stay! Highly recommend to anyone looking for somewhere to stay in Sydney. Tom was very friendly and welcoming. Alex2017-01-15T00:00:00ZBoth Tom & his partner were AMAZING hosts. I could not have fealt more at home then I did during my 4 nights in their home. We chilled and watched TV, chatted and fealt very at ease. The breakfast set-up was perfect! The house was very beautiful with a beautiful front and middle garden and stone tiled floor. The Bathroom was spacious and I never had an issue sharing it we never got in each others way. And the little Dog---it was soooo cute and friendly!!! Let me say, I am a foodie and Newtown is DEFINATELY a town ALL ABOUT FOOD!!! I made sure to eat there as much as possible. From a new Australian Restaurant that opened the night I arrived to a Vegan Vietnamese and even a Fancy Gourmet Doughnut shop, all within easy walking distance from the house. The train to was a simple 5-10 minute walk from the house and only 2 stations from City Centre. I can't recommend this place enough. It's simply a perfect place, in a perfect location with perfect guests to get a view of just how friendly Aussies really are!!!James2016-04-28T00:00:00ZTrevor and Tom were lovely hosts! The perfect mix of friendly and respectful. Their place is beautifully looked after, a great size and the breakfast was perfect. Close to Newtown's King Street and the train station. We slept like babies despite the unfolding chaos of the federal election.Estelle2016-07-04T00:00:00ZMy partner and I had a wonderfully relaxing short stay at Tom & Trevor's lovely home in Newtown while in Sydney for a friend's wedding. The bedroom is beautifully furnished and decorated, with fresh towels and a carafe of water on arrival. The bathroom was spotless and quite spacious. In the morning bread, cereal, juice and spreads were set out in the kitchen for breakfast. Tom & Trevor's Italian Greyhound Thongfar is very friendly. My partner isn't normally great around dogs, but Thongfar and her got along very well. Trevor also assisted me with an iron and ironing board to fix up my shirt before the wedding we were attending. We couldn't be happier with Tom & Trevor as hosts. A perfect stay. Thanks Guys!Ben2016-09-18T00:00:00ZTom and Trevor were fantastic hosts - very welcoming and helpful with tips on the better places to visit in Sydney. Their place is beautiful and extremely clean and Thongfar was super well-behaved. The Newtown station was about 5-7 minutes (on foot) away and the bus stop in front of Camden Street was super convenient. We'd definitely definitely recommend this listing to everyone!Sonia2016-03-01T00:00:00ZWe had a wonderful time at Tom's beautiful home. Tom is a great host and the room was exactly as described. Everything was clean and Tom took care of us. I would defenitely recommend staying there as we were having a wonderful time in Newton. Cu again. Michael2016-09-03T00:00:00ZHuonetyyppiYksityinen huoneMajoituspaikan tyyppiTaloMajoittujien määrä2MakuuhuoneetNewtown, Uusi Etelä-Wales, AustraliaPerfect House In NewtownHinta€51 Perfect House In NewtownYksityinen huone · 1 vuode104 arvosteluaSave to Wish ListBeautiful home, friendly hosts and wonderfully close to the airport and public transport.Amy2016-12-27T00:00:00ZThe place is very clean and near to the airport! Cute pet tooo! Yingwen2017-01-31T00:00:00ZTyna is a teacher, a mum, a host... I had restful time in her house! She even invited me for dinner and made me feel home! Perfect stay for Sydney!Key2016-03-14T00:00:00ZThank you to Jimmy and Tyna for being great hosts. I arrived late at night and they showed me where everything was so I could settle down after a long journey. They were very helpful in telling me how to get into town on the bus and see the sights of Sydney. Would definitely recommend staying here. Diane2016-11-18T00:00:00ZThe host is very kind and warmed.we love the house,it has perfect view and lovely frankie.We are very lucky to choose this house.Shawn2017-02-11T00:00:00ZTyna and Jimmy's place was perfect for our one night stay. They knew we were arriving late, and Jimmy was waiting for us. The room is terrific. Has an electric kettle, little fridge with water bottles, and a fairly comfy bed. In the morning it was really quiet in the house, and it turned out they had gone off to work, and left us alone in their house! Talk about trust!! We weren't sure what we should access, and so I messaged them. Tyna came home briefly, and told us to feel free to access the kitchen and food, but by then we'd eaten what we brought. Kitchen breakfast stuff looked fine though. One thing to be aware of, about 6AM, at least the day we were there, planes come in low right overhead to land. That lasted about an hour, and was infrequent. Didn't bother us, but might be a problem for some. We would definitely stay again.barbara2016-06-01T00:00:00ZEverything was great. Good and quick communication. Room was beautiful and bed really comfortable. I absolutely reccomend Tyna :)Andre2016-04-14T00:00:00ZPerfecta estancia. La casa y la habitación es idéntica a las fotos. Muy limpia y cerca del aeropuerto (en taxi o uber 5 minutos, andando 15 minutos). El anfitrión, Jimmy fantástico: llegamos casi a las 10 de la noche y nos explicó todo al detalle. Al ver un bebé y una niña, nos puso un colchón adicional para ellos (un gran detalle). Totalmente recomendable, para repetir!Vanesa 2017-02-01T00:00:00ZHuonetyyppiYksityinen huoneMajoituspaikan tyyppiTaloMajoittujien määrä2MakuuhuoneetMascot, Uusi Etelä-Wales, AustraliaNEAR SYDNEY AIRPORTHinta€53 NEAR SYDNEY AIRPORTYksityinen huone · 1 vuode187 arvosteluaSave to Wish Listi had the best stay in jackie's it's close to the airport the bus station is within 5 mins work the room they prepared for me is lovely:)胜隆2017-02-12T00:00:00ZAbsolutely fantastic hosts...right from when i walked in i felt at home. I loved the little touches of detail. water by the bed and a frangipani flower on my bed. A great stay, great location and excellent communication by the hosts. ... i will be back...high five Dean and Jackie.Ben2017-03-18T00:00:00ZIt is just like in the photo and the hosts are really lovely. Conveniently located a 5 minute bus trip from the domestic airport and 10 minute bus trip from the international airport.Richard2017-03-03T00:00:00ZJackie and her husband are really really nice, friendly and considerate! They know that I need to catch a mornig flight in the domestic airport so they drive me to the airport without extra fees (but it is not a must to do). And they have breakfast and tea for the guestChrissie2017-01-08T00:00:00ZWhat a wonderful place! Beautiful cozy room, lovely view to the backyard paradise. So happy I stumbled upon this place, exactly what I needed to rest and relax during my travels. Thanks Jackie!Tanya2017-01-24T00:00:00ZDelightful, cosy and very welcoming. Jackie and Mark are very warm hosts and offered great help and ideas to get around town. The single bedroom is very clean, very comfortable, beautifully set up with a mirrored wardrobe, desk and view of their backyard sanctuary. Couldn't have had a better stay, I would highly recommend their place.Claire2017-04-02T00:00:00ZThis is a fantastic location for travelers, and Jackie and her husband are wonderful people. Their hospitality is generous; the room is beautiful and the garden a sanctuary. I immediately felt at home and had a restful night. Elizabeth \"Amber\"2017-03-12T00:00:00ZGreat room and beautiful house. Both Jackie and Mark are real welcoming. Close to city and airport!Emily2017-01-18T00:00:00ZHuonetyyppiYksityinen huoneMajoituspaikan tyyppiTaloMajoittujien määrä1MakuuhuoneetMascot, Uusi Etelä-Wales, AustraliaRoom in charming federation homeHinta€40 Room in charming federation homeYksityinen huone · 1 vuode35 arvosteluaSave to Wish ListIt was great to have the opportunity to stay at Lynn's a second time. I had much longer this time to really enjoy the space, Newtown, and Lynn was a perfect host.Kim2016-07-16T00:00:00ZThe suite was perfect; exactly as described! Lynn met and welcomed us....and, the keyless entry was perfect throughout our stay. She was readily available for questions and was a wealth of information about 'what to do' and 'how to do it' (which these Americans in Australia needed more than once!) The location is a short walking distance from two different train stations making traveling to all the Sydney sites ideal—and, local markets and other shopping were very convenient to the suite. We enjoyed the decor, the architecture, and our stay. Thanks Lynn! Elizabeth2016-10-31T00:00:00ZLovely apartment in a gorgeous part of Sydney. Highly recommend!Rachel2015-10-24T00:00:00ZLynn is a perfect host. Welcoming, friendly and very helpful. Her home is lovely and Newtown is a good place to stay when in Sydney. Convenient to the train station, shops, cafes etc. Highly recommended. Thanks Lynn for all the help. Kath & Johnkathleen2015-11-27T00:00:00ZThank you to Lynn who hosted my visiting professor during his stay in Sydney. The communication was clear, description accurate, Lynn went out of her way to offer an early check-in since the flight arrived early. The suite was tidy with a modern feel. And of course the area is excellent - close to public transport, excellent cafes, nightlife, etc. Thanks again. Anthony2017-02-11T00:00:00ZI was in Sydney for work and it was wonderful to come home to Lynn's place every night. The space was so relaxing. As well as the one bedroom apartment it was great to have my own bathroom, access to a washer/dryer and a cute little courtyard. The neighbourhood is one of my favourites in Sydney. Right between two vibrant streets - Erskineville Road and King Street. But the space itself is lovely and quiet. There are so many public transport options close by. Lynn was a fantastic host. It was hard to leave this lovely space and I hope to stay again!Melanie2016-12-24T00:00:00ZPerfect little pad in great location for one or two. Warm and cosy in winter with lots of natural light. Lyn has a wonderful eye for decor and her fabulous doggie art makes the place feel homely. She was on hand to meet any requests whilst giving total privacy. I recommend this little gem.Shelley2015-07-12T00:00:00ZWhat a comfortable, clean, bright and homely place to stay. Lynn is an excellent host, making me feel welcome from the outset. She was very accommodating, allowing me to drop my bags off earlier than check in time. The studio was very clean, and well equipped making feel at home away from home. The place has lots of natural light and located in a quiet street with close proximity to both Newtown and Erskineville. I would happily stay there again the next time I'm in Sydney. Thanks Lynn :-)Sandra2015-10-05T00:00:00ZHuonetyyppiKoko talo/asuntoMajoituspaikan tyyppiTaloMajoittujien määrä2MakuuhuoneetNewtown, Uusi Etelä-Wales, AustraliaPrivate suite in converted churchHinta€72 Private suite in converted churchKoko talo/asunto · 1 vuode163 arvosteluaSave to Wish ListThis was my first AirBnB experience and it could not have been better. We loved the Nest Newtown! Very comfortable, clean and everything one could need to relax after a long day exploring Sydney, incl. kitchen utensils if one wants to cook instead of trying one of the many restaurants in Newtown. The area is quiet yet very close to the train station and lively King St. The bed was probably the best I have ever slept in (incl. my own!), and it was lovely to wake up to birds singing in the garden. We hope to be back and will definitely stay again! Many thanks, Julaine and Simon!Kirsten2016-01-03T00:00:00ZWe are a family of four with two kids.We went to Sydney and stayed in Nest Newtown for seven days. The place is wonderful, with all the necessities of a comfortable house. The place is neat n clean with proper sunlight, privacy and connectivity to city. Its very close to Newtown station and King street.Juliane is an excellent host who took care of all our requirement without asking. It was a pleasure staying there.We would like to stay there whenever we visit Sydney again(URL HIDDEN)Arun, Rochik(URL HIDDEN)Hyderabad ,India Arun2013-01-15T00:00:00ZWe would recommend The Nest to anyone! We absolutely loved it - thank you Julaine for such a beautiful, clean and welcoming space. Will be hoping to stay there again. Great location, thoughtful amenities and clear communication. Thank you!!Jo2014-09-24T00:00:00ZGood position quiet and clean pleased with the placeLee2015-05-31T00:00:00ZJulaine replied immediately to my queries and I found the apartment to be very well laid out, beautifully designed, well-equipped and reasonably priced. A real treasure in an excellent location! I would highly recommend it.Lody2016-08-02T00:00:00ZStay was great. Great location and a very nice apartment. Highly recommend.Jesse2015-09-15T00:00:00ZJulaine Thank you for great and cozy place. I felt great and home the moment I step inside the apartment. Clean and well organize. Siew Hung2015-07-06T00:00:00ZThe Nest is very comfortable and well appointed, and the location is perfect. Definitely be staying here again. We used this as our base to explore Sydney and the blue mountains, it's well positioned with many transport options close-by.Sarah2015-06-08T00:00:00ZHuonetyyppiKoko talo/asuntoMajoituspaikan tyyppiHuoneistoMajoittujien määrä2MakuuhuoneetNewtown, Uusi Etelä-Wales, AustraliaNest Newtown Studio ApartmentHinta€96 Nest Newtown Studio ApartmentKoko talo/asunto · 1 vuode179 arvosteluaSave to Wish ListHuonetyyppiYksityinen huoneMajoituspaikan tyyppiTaloMajoittujien määrä3MakuuhuoneetErskineville, Uusi Etelä-Wales, AustraliaYour iconic inner city home!Hinta€28 Your iconic inner city home!Yksityinen huone · 2 vuodetta5 arvosteluaSave to Wish ListOur Shiraz room is a single bed accommodation with a shared bathroom\nI am looking forward to welcome you in the near future!I was so well looked after at Gary and Carol's house. They keep a beautiful comfortable home and are extremely kind and welcoming. Carol was a total sweetheart and bought me some medicine to help clean a wound which I had a acquired on my holiday which I appreciated so much. The family was very flexible and very easy to get along with. Also I have to add that the room has the most comfortable pillows I have slept on in a long time!! Caught up on some good sleep after a long plane ride. Thanks for everything guys xxTully2017-02-01T00:00:00ZGary and Carol were very friendly and accommodating. The house and room are clean, comfortable and conveniently located. I hope to stay again soon.Roger2015-03-11T00:00:00ZWe have a great stay at Garry's home and I miss jack the cat :-)Siti Rafidah2012-09-30T00:00:00ZGary and his wife were so nice and such great hosts! They offered amazing hospitality and were easy going and kindly offered me breakfast every morning. Even with my crazy schedule and arriving back at the listing late in the evening each day due to work, they were totally fine about it and understood. Their home is beautiful and in a cool part of Sydney away from the noisy CBD but just a short taxi ride if you want to be in the thick of it. I took a nice walk from the listing to my favorite brunch spot that I encountered called \"The Grounds of Alexandria\", which I highly recommend! I would definitely stay at the Belmont Terraces again and recommend it to those looking for a nice comfortable stay. Thanks again Gary!Chris2012-10-29T00:00:00ZI found Carol and Gary very welcoming and naturally open so it was easy to fall into interesting conversation with them. I found their stylish terrace was very easy to feel at home in with my room having a lovely comfy bed and adjacent bathroom. A short walk took me to lots of smart cafes and factory direct clothing outlets, so lots to explore. Access from the airport is easy with the choice of train or taxi, sunday was $22. Lots of ticks and value all round for me. Thanks Carol and Gary for making a differenceJenni2016-06-20T00:00:00ZGary provided a hassle free stay. The room and were tidy, clean and comfortable. The area is fantastic with a selection of dining options for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Super close to the airport, and a short to Erskineville, Newtown and Redfern. Andrew2016-06-10T00:00:00ZThanks a lot to Gary and his wife, my stay in Alexandria was perfect : everything is clean and relax, it is easy to feel comfortable and they both are lovely ! And Jack the cat is so cute !Thomas2012-11-21T00:00:00ZThis place is a gem. Carole and Gary are gracious and welcoming and I really enjoyed my short stay with them. They provide everything you need to be comfortable and I loved chatting with them and would stay again in a heartbeat. Their neighborhood is great and convenient to local buses and train stops.Elana2015-12-30T00:00:00ZHuonetyyppiYksityinen huoneMajoituspaikan tyyppiTaloMajoittujien määrä1MakuuhuoneetAlexandria, Uusi Etelä-Wales, AustraliaBelmont Terraces Shiraz Room!Hinta€44 Belmont Terraces Shiraz Room!Yksityinen huone · 1 vuode98 arvosteluaSave to Wish ListLovely host, clean and comfortable room.Eelin2016-10-14T00:00:00ZBeverley is pretty friendly,and welcome. Her place is nice and clean,and like a new house. So close to airport,good for traveler! kevin2015-11-28T00:00:00ZWe've got a very friendly and helpful host! Thank you so much! Very near to Mascot train station. Convenient! Carolyn2015-12-26T00:00:00ZAll was perfect: description of how to get there, a warm welcome at 9 pm, a perfect room with bathroom (well valued after 24 h travel). And as indicated on their webpage, they were full indeed of good advice on how to get around in Sydney, and where to go. They had a buss pass (40 dollar deposit, if purchased by oneself) for both of us, that we could charge and use. Three nights later we felt sorry to leave. We also saw many of Michaels artistically adapted photo's from all over the world, and received good advice on how to make better photo's ourselves. EJ2016-07-21T00:00:00ZWe were 4 instead of 3 (2 adults and 2 children) because we had difficulty finding for 3 people near the airport. Usually that was not a problem. We arranged to sleep in 4 in this very small chamber and we found exaggerated to refer a 25€ supplement while our son has lying on the ground. It seems that get money is more important than receive guests in this place. Be careful : the room is very, very noisy : planes, cars, klaxons, police etc... my wife didn't sleep all the night. Beverly's welcome was correct but Mickaël is cold and we were lacking intimacy in this too small accommodation. Thierry2016-11-05T00:00:00ZCozy and plenty of space for the three of us. Nice, large private bathroom. Their home is incredibly close to the airport and extremely convenient. I can't imagine a better location to start out from, frankly! A five-minute walk to the Mascot train station gives you access to the city, and it's a mere 10-15 minute trip to the downtown areas. Great company and very knowledgeable! Thanks again for the stay! :)Joshua2016-11-10T00:00:00ZGood and no hassles at all. They're really friendly couple. Kalinga2016-07-22T00:00:00ZVery nice accommodation within easy reach of SydneyCBD by train. Just a short walk from the train station, shops and restaurants in Mascot.Alastair2017-03-08T00:00:00ZHuonetyyppiYksityinen huoneMajoituspaikan tyyppiHuoneistoMajoittujien määrä3MakuuhuoneetMascot, Uusi Etelä-Wales, AustraliaClose to Airport and CBD with Secure ParkingHinta€51 Close to Airport and CBD with Secure ParkingYksityinen huone · 2 vuodetta235 arvosteluaSave to Wish List5 to 10 mins to airport, 15 mins to city center by train, close to train station and super market (Woolworth and a Chinese super market), cozy sofa bed in a modern living room, large balcony.\nTotal 3 people live in this 2 bedrooms apartment including you.Our apartment is a two bedrooms brand new apartment, we have a large living room and balcony. Only three people live in this apartment including you. It is a perfect short stay place for people who need catch flight or short stay for visiting city center.There are several restaurants and coffee shop nearbyVicky was a lifesaver for me! I had missed a connecting flight and nowhere to stay. I needed a place to sleep and shower for the night for a reasonable price (and it was close to the airport so even better!), and Vicky did just that! She was able to get back to me very quickly after I reached out! Thanks again for everything Vicky! Elizabeth2017-04-02T00:00:00ZClean sofa bed and nice space. Fair price for great sharing host! Very convenient for chasing a flight. Ziyue2017-04-12T00:00:00ZI thank, Vicky, for accomodating me in her place! The location was very convenient and very near Wolli Creek train station. There are a lot of nearby restaurants, grocery stores, gym, clinic, etc. Vicky is also very nice and helpful! Well recommended!Summer2017-03-28T00:00:00ZVicky was very welcoming and friendly. It was close to the airport so very practical for me because my plane landed in the evening and I was very tired. The sofabed was very comfortable. I would definitely recommend :)Hannah2017-04-12T00:00:00ZVicky is very friendly and helpful and responds quickly to enquiries. Her apartment is very close to public transport and restaurants, so is perfect for an overnight stay before heading to the airport. Just make sure you leave early enough as some buses don't come when they're meant to. (that is not in Vicky's control) Vicky charges a minimal fee for Sydney,her sofa is fine for one person and the bedding is fresh and clean.I only used her kitchen for making tea as there are restaurants close by. I would happily stay there again. Thanks VickyRose2017-04-22T00:00:00Z非常感谢 Vicky 的招待,小区氛围很好,楼下就是非常好吃的华人餐厅,而且离机场也比较近,步行可达,非常好的入住体验,强力推荐。景宽2017-04-15T00:00:00ZAmazing place with amazing landlord. Thank you!Radek2017-03-21T00:00:00ZLovely and clean modern apartment just one stop from the airport - thank you Vicky and Aaron!Charlotte2017-04-28T00:00:00ZHuonetyyppiJaettu huoneMajoituspaikan tyyppiHuoneistoMajoittujien määrä1MakuuhuoneetWolli Creek, Uusi Etelä-Wales, AustraliaCozy sofa bed in Modern living roomHinta€22 Cozy sofa bed in Modern living roomJaettu huone · 1 vuode15 arvosteluaSave to Wish ListCharacter-filled studio apartment in a heritage listed warehouse, in a quiet and leafy pocket of Newtown, stones throw to transport and the vibrant cafe and bar scene of King St.Our unique, character filled warehouse has been home to horses, hats and pullovers and can now be home to you. Relax in our urban retreat amidst the lively and colourful happenings of Newtown. Our ground floor studio is fully self-contained, has a queen bed, kitchen and bathroom and a small garden porch looking out to the street.Newtown is the cool and funky heart of Sydney's inner west with loads of cafes, restaurants, pubs and bars, funky fashion and vintage stores, parks, galleries, independent bookshop and an art house cinema. Eat out at one of the many cheap and cheerfuls or book a table at one of the more hip and groovies with an up and coming chef.\nAnd at Carriageworks in Darlington, there is a Saturday morning Farmers' Market, an easy 10min stroll away. The Studio has a shopping trolley for you to wheel down and fill with fresh and seasonal produce the farmers have on offer.Sally and Steve were incredibly sweet... having arrived exhausted from an early O.S. flight, their place was welcoming and incredibly cozy. They also allowed us to arrive much earlier than expected, the cleaner putting the last finishing touches on this glorious familiar little retreat. We loved it.lissa2016-09-22T00:00:00ZHad a great stay. Place is lovely and in a fantastic location. Close to everything you need but far enough away to not be noisy. Would recommend :)Bonnie2016-08-15T00:00:00Zaangename en rustige plek met veel karakter in een ontzettend boeiend stukje Sydney!Karen2016-12-05T00:00:00ZSally was so welcoming when we arrived and made us feel right at home. The location of the apartment is perfect and really close to loads of great restaurants, bars and shops. We couldn't recommend Sally and this warehouse apartment highly enough!Lexi2016-08-01T00:00:00ZSally's place is only 2-3 train stations away from Central Station and I walked to city in 2 hrs at leisure pace via University of Sydney. King Street just round the corner has lots of restaurants for locals to hangout, love the fact that it is not a touristy area. Really enjoyed the small Japanese restaurant Hikaru recommended by Sally. She also prepared a very detailed restaurant guide with 2 Opal cards (stored value transport card), much appreciated the fruit platter as well. Sally lives just upstairs and I appreciate her effort to do meet & greet personally and say goodbye to me on the last day. If arriving by train, better getting off at Newtown station which would have an elevator while Macdonaltown station is closer but it is a much smaller station without wheelchair access facilities (stairs only) and no ticketing office. Chiu2016-08-29T00:00:00ZWe had a wonderful time here in Newtown. The studio is specious but cozy and Sally was so welcoming and friendly. She gave us loads of information about the apartment and how to get around Sydney. The station is only a 10 minute walk away but there is so much to see and do on kings street which is a 2 minute walk. The room was clean and comfortable and we loved the decor. If we come back to Sydney we would definitely stay here again. Newtown is such a cool and vibrant place, we loved it!!Jessica2016-09-22T00:00:00ZSally provided us with all the information you would ever need on places to eat, drink and experience in the local newtown area. The accomodation is so central yet you would hardly realise with noise being extremely low. If you're looking for a place to stay where you can relax after being out and about all day. I would 100% recommend. Thanks sally for your great hospitality!Sam 2016-09-12T00:00:00ZSally's place in Newtown is just cute as a button. Newtown is a cool neighborhood a quick bus or train ride from the heart of the CBD. Sally's place is right off the action on Newtown's \"high street\", King Street, yet nice & quite. Sally was a super host, nice as could be & quite helpful. I would recommend Sally's charming little studio to anyone looking for a great stay in Sydney.Mitchell2016-11-16T00:00:00ZHuonetyyppiKoko talo/asuntoMajoituspaikan tyyppiHuoneistoMajoittujien määrä2MakuuhuoneetNewtown, Uusi Etelä-Wales, AustraliaUrban retreat in heritage warehouseHinta€85 Urban retreat in heritage warehouseKoko talo/asunto · 1 vuode76 arvosteluaSave to Wish ListThe Stables is in the heart of Enmore. Walk to the Enmore Theatre, fantastic restaurants Hartsyard, Stanbuli, & Russo e Russo, funky small bars, pubs & breweries The Gretz, The Midnight Special, Young Henry's, The Sly Fox & the Vic on the Park, and loads of fab shops. We're also a walk away from beautiful Enmore Park with its pool & fitness centre, Sydney Uni, & King St Newtown. Easy bus or train to the city or beaches, close to the airport. Bubs & small kids ok by arrangement.The Stables is full of history. A heritage building originally used to house the horses and cart that delivered milk around the area, its wooden floorboards came from an old Art Deco cinema in Rockdale. It has been fully renovated, and now has modern bathroom and full kitchen with dishwasher, fridge, gas cooktop and oven. The kitchen is fully stocked with glasses, plates, cups, pots and utensils. Lounge/bedroom area has a Queen bed, TV, speakers for listening to music on your phone, tablet or computer, a gas heater and comfy chairs. Small kids are ok by arrangement. (Please enquire re bigger kids.)Enmore is Newtown's funkier little sister, with some of the hippest new bars and restaurants in Sydney. Just metres from the front door is the world-famous Cow and The Moon gelateria (try the macadamia affogato!), a few steps from there Faheem Fine Food makes the best Pakistani/Indian in the city, there are also awesome Vietnamese, Thai, Japanese, Turkish and Greek take-aways in the same stretch of Enmore Rd. There's a supermarket across the road that sells everything imaginable, a bakery, newsagent, three laundromats, and the Addison Road farmers' market on Sundays ... it's a vibrant, lively area and a great place to stay. We're only a short walk along Enmore Rd from Newtown's famous King Street, and a short bus or train ride into the city. Most importantly, Enmore and Newtown locals embrace and celebrate diversity; this a friendly, safe and happy place for everyone. For more details, please see our Guidebook on this site.Great, clean and charming place in a quiet street close to everything. Would recommend! Lili2017-02-01T00:00:00ZGreat spot close to everything you need and the fantastic and funky Newtown and Enmore. Verity was a great host and the chooks were cute and friendly :) Lisa2016-08-13T00:00:00ZWe had a wonderful stay at The Stables. The key was in the door on arrival and Verity came down shortly afterwards to welcome us. The listing is as described/pictured and my partner was very impressed, especially with the chickens outside. It was nice to have a little patch of green. For mine, the bed was very comfortable, the shower excellent and it was very quiet at night, despite being so close to Enmore Road. We will not hesitate to return to Verity's pad on our next Sydney visit.Adam2016-12-19T00:00:00ZVerity's place is special. A little nest. We cook in her kitchen. We are warm and the hot shower is the best !! Thank you Verity.lissa2016-08-05T00:00:00ZVerity is the perfect host! She made up feel very welcome and she was easy to communicate with. The Stables are very private and have a lovely cosy feeling with a modern bathroom and well equiped kitchen. And lastly - the chickens! Verity has urban chooks and they are incredibly sweet. We visit Sydney regularly and will definitely stay at The Stables again.Thea2017-01-26T00:00:00ZSuperb hideaway. Verity too, open and kind - giving us some of her chook eggs. Thanks again. lissa2016-11-17T00:00:00ZThis place was super comfy and close to newtown. Everything we needed for the night. Verity was really helpful and friendly. Gave us good directions and parking advice and some helpful advice to get into the city. I would definately stay here againGrant2016-07-22T00:00:00ZAlthough we didn't meet Verity we had a most enjoyable stay, and it was very clean and convenient and nicely decorated.Carolyn2016-11-13T00:00:00ZHuonetyyppiKoko talo/asuntoMajoituspaikan tyyppiTaloMajoittujien määrä2MakuuhuoneetEnmore, Uusi Etelä-Wales, AustraliaThe Stables in EnmoreHinta€83 The Stables in EnmoreKoko talo/asunto · 1 vuode56 arvosteluaSave to Wish ListQueen size bedroom with mirror wardrobe. Located in Sydney's Inner West. 10 mins walk to trendy King street Newtown shopping and cafes / bars and ST Peters Station. The train to downtown Sydney takes just 8 minutes. Sydney park and wetlands 5 mins.\nSydney parkland and wetlands also just 5 mins walk away.We stayed only for two nights at Richard, but would love to stay for longer! We loved the decoration in the house and felt very comfortable and peaceful there. Richard was easy to reach out and to comunicate with. He explained us everything in the house when we arrived and provide us with all useful information including transportation to the city. We also appreciated we could use the kitchen and even have space for our food. We would definetely recomend this place!Patricia2016-11-18T00:00:00Z房东事先就联系好,可以开车来接。非常方便,所住的街区离火车站不远,旁边还有一个很大的公园,附近有个超大的超市。步行就可到达。个人感觉房间比较小。不过房间摆设非常特别。金清2016-10-13T00:00:00ZIt had been a great experience to stay at this place. Room is clean and cool. Richard told us a lot about Sydney's information, which is quite helpful. I definitely will be there again if I go to the Sydney for another trip. Thanks a lot, Richard! By the way, Suttie is so cute, so sweet. I will miss her.Yue2016-11-23T00:00:00ZDuring our stay, Richard was away overseas so we were looked after by a lady called Liz. She was welcoming when we arrived and was generally pleasant throughout our stay. This house is extremely quirky and has a vast collection of interesting things that Richard has collected over the years, making it unique to say the least. It's situated in quite a good location and it's only a 10 minute walk to the shops & train station which gets you into central in no time at all. The house is nice, but looks more modern in the pictures. The major stand out negative was that it was absolutely freezing! We stayed towards the end of June and it was so cold that you could even see your breath indoors. It was slightly frustrating that Liz was very apprehensive to put the heating on. I would just suggest that if you stay here in winter, certainly pack some thermals & a hot water bottle!James2016-07-07T00:00:00ZWe had a wonderful time staying at Richard's unique home in St. Peter's. We felt welcomed and taken care of. The home is amazing with many artworks and items from around the world. We loved our stay and the location was perfect. We would stay again in a heartbeat.Danielle2016-08-13T00:00:00ZRichard was a nice person and provided the room exactly as described on website. The house is old but Richard made it clean and comfortable. Other airbnb roommates and I shared the point that, it is like a museum. Richard is very helpful and provided lots of information as long as I arrive. It a very nice experience of staying in the house.Xiong2015-11-04T00:00:00ZRichard is a very pleasant person who made us welcome into his house and made us feel like we were at our own home.Regina2015-07-23T00:00:00ZThe house was beautiful. Julia was an amazing substitute host, very easy going and thoughtful. Location was good, quick walk to the train station and then short rides almost anywhere. We had a wonderful time at Richard's place.Natasha2016-02-16T00:00:00ZHuonetyyppiYksityinen huoneMajoituspaikan tyyppiTaloMajoittujien määrä2MakuuhuoneetSt Peters, Uusi Etelä-Wales, AustraliaPrivate room. Unique 100 yr home. Hinta€41 Private room. Unique 100 yr home. Yksityinen huone · 1 vuode127 arvostelua123…1712…171 – 18 hakutuloksista 300+ vuokrakohdettaAnna päivämäärät nähdäksesi kokonaishinnoittelun. Lisämaksuja sovelletaan. Veroja saatetaan lisätä.Australia>Uusi Etelä-Wales>Saint PetersLähistön paikat:Ballina lomamajoituksetPaddingtonSydneyPotts PointGlebeCoogeeBondi BeachBondi JunctionBalmainBronteRandwickSurry HillsKarttaSuodattimetEhdotYksityisyydensuojaKohteen kartta", "timestamp": "2017-05-23T21:01:16Z", "url": "https://www.airbnb.fi/s/Saint-Peters--Australia"}