{"text": "Eating salmon after going Vegan - Olen vegaani, mutta söin kalaa — Marinka Essel\nEating salmon after going Vegan - Olen vegaani, mutta söin kalaa\nAs I type this there is a box of take-out sushi by my laptop and I am munching the ginger they always have in them. Fish and salmon especially has been my favorite food as long as I can remember. So naturally as I begun my journey of vegan diet, I figured that I am just going to be a pescetarian. Few months passed by and I left out tuna and shrimp from my diet... Next I am at the fish section at a grocery store and I look at the fish on the icy counter. I'm trying to see if they have \"organic salmon\" or \"wild salmon\". I end up getting something else locally wild caught white fish. And that is probably the last time I ate fish. Samalla kun kirjoitan tätä on edessäni take-out sushi laatikko läppärini kyljessä. Imeskelen mukana tullutta inkivääriä. Kalaruoat ja lohi erityisesti on oma lempiruokani, joten kun aloin tehdä siirtymistä täysvegaaniuteen aloitin ensin pescetaarina. Muutaman kuukauden kuluttua tonnikala ja katkaravut jäivät pois ja seuraavaksi huomaan olevani jäisen kala-altaan luona ruokakaupassa. Yritän löytää 'luomua' tai villinä kasvanutta kalaa ja päädyn ottamaan villinä kalastettua ahventa. Se on viimeinen kerta kun olen syönyt kalaa.\nOk well I also did purchase a tuna pizza 5AM when rather intoxicated after a night out few months ago. However, that incident helped me confirm that I truly want to be a vegetarian, so I finally updated my Instagram bio with that pledge. Mid-September I finished reading the book 'Eating Animals' and started to transition in to a full vegan. October 2016 was my first vegan month.\nNo tuli myös ostettua tonnikalapizza viideltä aamulla pilkun jälkeen joitain kuukausia sitten, mutta sen jälkeen totesin, että siirtyminen kasvissyöntiin on vain ollut hyvä päätös. Sain luettua Jonathan Safran-Foerin kirjan Eating Animals, joka vauhditti siirtymistäni täysveganismiin. Lihaton lokakuu 2016 oli itselle se ensimmäinen ilman eläinperäisiä tuotteita.\nBut today I went to pick up some leftover food from an asian restaurant. There is this amazing app that let's you purchase leftovers from restaurants from one third of the actual price so that it doesn't go to waste. In the app I see that I could get some fried veggies and rice for 4 euros and some veggie dumplings for 3 euros. Then there is a sushi offer and I look at the description and I read it \"You may select from...\" So I thought I get to choose the pieces.\nSeems like I am blind and I bring home about 6 pieces of fish sushi and 4 vegan pieces. I read wrong. The app said \"You get a selection of...\" So it was random. I first eat the vegan pieces and then look at the remaining pieces with fish on top. I then pick one of the salmon sushi pieces, which used to be my favorite one, and dip it to soy sauce and put it in my mouth.\nHyödynsin ResQ -appia ja kävin hakemassa ylijäänyttä ruokaa jostain aasialaisesta ravintolasta kolmasosahintaan. Tarjolla oli paistettuja ja vihanneksia vajaalla femmalla, mutta silmääni pisti myös sushiannos. Luen kuvauksen väärin, että saan itse valita sushinpalaset mutta kyseessä olikin valmiiksi valittu setti. Tajuan tämän vasta kotona ja syön ensin kasvisushit ja jään sitten tuijottamaan lohisushia, joka on ennen ollut ehdoton suosikkini. Kastan sen soijakastikkeeseen ja laitan suuhuni.\nThe texture is weird, the flavour is weird too. None of it matches my memories. I had already thought that I should just eat the food because I already bought it so I don't waste it. Hence, the entire point of having an app for restaurant leftovers. But I simply can't do it. And It makes me feel weird. I begin to google things like \"Is it ok to eat fish, I'm vegan\"\"A friend is forcing me to eat fish\" \"I accidentally bought fish\" etc to see if anybody has been in the same situation.\nKoostumus tuntuu oudolle ja myös maku ei ole se minkälaisena lohen muistan. Kun kuitenkin olin ruoan ostanut niin en haluaisi haaskata sitä, koska koko ResQ applikaation pointtihan on välttää ruoan haaskaus. En vain saa itseäni syömään loppuja sushin palasia. Oloni on hieman outo. Alan googlettamaan hakusanoilla kuten 'Olen vegaani, mutta söin vahingossa kalaa', 'Ystävä pakottaa syömään kalaa', 'Ostin vahingossa kalaa' jne. jos joku vaikka olisi ollut samassa tilanteessa.\nStill feeling guilt over my purchase and the fact that I am now digesting a piece of fish. The world didn't end but I became more sure about sticking into being plant-based.\nFood is something that can nourish your soul. Food isn't just something that you eat to stay healthy and fit. You can literally affect other lives with your choices and the health of this entire planet.\nSo far my journey of becoming a vegan has been fun. Trial and error with a lot of confusion, too. By finding myself staring at that piece of sushi on my plate today I took yet another step (further away from my favorite food) and I feel like I can commit to this lifestyle again a little better.\nVieläkin syyllisyyttä ostoksestani tuntien ja tunne siitä, että vatsassani on nyt kalaa... Maailma ei kaatunut, mutta sain vain vahvistuksen sille miksi haluan olla kasvissyöjä. Ruoka on jotakin, joka ravitsee muutenkin kuin ruoka-arvoilla. Ruokatottumuksilla voit vaikuttaa planeettamme kuntoon ja kirjaimellisesti eläinten elämänlaatuun. Tieni vegaaniuteen on ollut tähän asti hauska ja mielenkiintoinen. Virheiden ja epävarmuuden kautta olen alkanut löytää balanssia.\nIf you are pescetarian, vegetarian, vegan or simply aspiring to eat less red meat and eat more plant based, check out my Vegan Vlog about how everything started. I'm still continuing the vlog series so expect to see more soon! And i would also love to know if you have had any similar experiences on your journey to becoming plant-based. Let me know in the comments!\nJos olet pesketaari, vegetaristi tai vegaani tai ihan vain tavoittelet punaisen lihan vähentämistä, katso ihmeessä Vegaani Vlogini siitä miten itse päädyin tähän tilanteeseen. Aion jatkaa vegaani vlogin tekemistä, joten tämä ei jää ainoaksi videoksi. Jaa myös vastaavat kokemuksesi kommenteissa!\nFOODMarinka Essel June 26, 2017 pescetarian, vegaanius, vegan, veganism, vegehaaste, vegetarian\n10-Minute Buddha Bowl - Kesäinen Kulho\nFOODMarinka Essel June 14, 2017 buddha bowl, clean eating, recipe, vegan", "timestamp": "2019-03-21T06:04:30Z", "url": "https://www.marinkaessel.com/marinka-essel/2017/06/26/becoming-vegan"}