{"text": "Airbnb® | Ocean City – Loma-asunnot ja majoituspaikat - New Jersey, Yhdysvallat\nLöydä Airbnb:ltä majoituspaikkoja paikasta Ocean City\nLoma-asunnot paikassa Ocean City\nMajoitusta paikassa Ocean City\nQuite corner unit steps to the beach boardwalk and water park! Off street parking, free internet and (4) beach tags included! Pool Hours 10-5 During Summer Before Memorial Day and After Labor Day the hours/Days will vary. (This is up the condo association - I have no control over the hours) We offer starter supplies such as Toilet paper and a set of clean towels and Sheets. Check-in 3 PM Check-out 10 Am These times are for the apartment as well as the parking space.\nAmandan paikka oli kaunis! Se on söpö ja viihtyisä paikka pariskunnalle, rantakadun vieressä. Meillä ei ollut ongelmia ja sisäänkirjautuminen oli todella helppoa. Suosittelen ehdottomasti, että pysyt täällä!\nKaitlyn2019-03-12T00:00:00Z\nAmanda-paikka on hyvin lähellä Boardwalkia. Se oli erittäin mukava ja mukava. Pystyin suorittamaan työni ja nautin myös harjoittelusta Boardwalkilla päivittäin. Kaikki on kävelymatkan päässä. Toivon, että palaan.\nElizabeh2019-03-03T00:00:00Z\nPaikka on todella mukava ja siinä on kaikki lyhyelle vierailulle. Haluaisin käydä kesällä!\nAnirudh2019-01-20T00:00:00Z\nOlimme Amandan viikon aikana tammikuussa, joten ranta ja kaupunki olivat melko tyhjiä, ja nautimme siitä todella. Oli hauskaa kävellä rannalla tuulessa ja kylmässä ja katsella muutamia rohkeita surffaajia, jotka nauttivat aaltoista. Huoneistossa oli kaikki mitä tarvitsimme mukavaan ja miellyttävään oleskeluun. Keittiö on hyvin varusteltu aterioiden valmistamiseen, ja olohuoneessa on televisio, jossa on runsaasti kanavia. Sänky oli mukava ja kylpyhuone oli hyvin varusteltu. Voimme suositella Amandan paikkaa kaikille, jotka etsivät itsenäistä huoneistoa lähellä rantaa, rantatiellä, vesipuistoa, huvipuistoa ja viihdettä. Olen varma, että se on paljon vilkkaampaa kesällä, mutta todella nautimme siellä siellä talvella.\nJulie2019-01-10T00:00:00Z\nAmanda oli erittäin herkkä ja vastasi kaikkiin kysymyksiimme heti oleskelun aikana. Hänellä oli myös myöhäinen uloskirjautuminen meille, sillä kävelimme 5k: n laudalla ja halusimme pystyä suihkuttamaan ja vaihtamaan sen jälkeen ennen kuin lähdimme!\nChaney2019-01-01T00:00:00Z\nKiitos Amanda! Erittäin mukava tila hinnalle, paljon ruoanlaittoa. Noin 30 minuutin päässä Atlantin kaupungista.\nNopea ja helppo sisäänkirjautuminen. Mukava paikka.\nSaturday to Saturday. We do not accept High Senior Rentals. An original historic apartments fully equipped kitchen with frantic counter top, dining rm, living rm, and complete bath. Sleeping arrangements for eight include: 2 queen, two twins. Two twins can be made to a king. Front porch and fenced yard is ideal for young families. Garage parking for one car. Essential beach gear included with four beach badges, chairs, umbrella, cart and bicycles.\nWe are located steps to the center of the boardwalk, convenient to rides, mini-golf, and bike riding. We have bikes that may be used. Bikes must be locked except when they are ridden.\nWe <3 our AirBNB community! We are so happy you have found our home. We recently purchased this home and have given it a series of renovations for the best guest experience possible! This is the perfect space for a seaside getaway! Minutes from the b each & boardwalk in the North End of Ocean City, NJ. Its on the boarder of the Gardens with FREE street parking!\nOur home was built in 1903 & was previously used as a religious retreat home. After purchasing it this year we have since been renovated for a modern feel. This unit is on the second floor with its own private screened-in porch.\nQuiet year-round residential neighborhood. Please be mindful of our wonderful community. We are letting you use our home so please keep it in the same condition in which you found it :)\nNewly Renovated Beach Cottage - Screened in Porch\nUpea sijainti. Helppo sisään- ja uloskirjautuminen. Upea ja nopea viestintä! Niin hyödyllinen! Se oli hieno vierailu suurelle miehistölle ja meillä kaikilla oli hauskaa! Toivomme tekevämme siitä säännöllisen vierailun!\nTyger2019-08-03T00:00:00Z\nUpea sijainti. Mukava perustaa. Erittäin suuri makuuhuone, jossa 3 vuodetta, oli valtava osuma kiddojen kanssa.\nTarkalleen kuvatulla tavalla. Tämä paikka vastasi tarpeitamme ja oli erittäin sopiva 6-ryhmälle. Keittiö oli kaunis ja siinä oli kaikki tarvitsemamme asiat.\nUpea paikka perheelle aivan rannan vieressä. Talossa on kaikki tarvitsemasi!\nKaunis paikka loistavalla paikalla!\nAmish oli loistava isäntä ja tämä vuokra oli juuri sitä mitä odotimme sen olevan kuvauksesta. Se oli vain 2 lyhyen korttelin päässä rannasta ja noin 5 korttelin kävelymatka pitkin rantatietä kauppoihin. Meillä oli 5-perheinen perhe tässä kodissa sekä 3 muuta aikuista perheenjäsentä, jotka tulivat pariksi yötä ja kaikki sopivat täydellisesti! Koska meillä oli täysi yksikkö verrattuna hotellihuoneeseen, säästimme paljon ruokaa viettäessämme lomaamme ja sijainti ja kustannukset olivat samat (ja halvempaa!) Kuin monissa hotellihuoneissa, vaikka tutkin enemmän tilaa! Talossa oli kaikki mitä tarvitsimme. Liinavaatteet olivat saatavilla, mutta päätimme tuoda omat niin, että meillä ei ollut niin paljon pyykkiä ennen kassalle. Annoimme omat rantapyyhkeet, mutta loppui huonepakkaus, joten käytimme mukana toimitettuja kylpypyyhkeitä. Suosittelen vuokrausta kenelle tahansa ja käytän sitä ehdottomasti tulevaisuudessa!\nLähellä rantaa. Huoneisto oli puhdas ja mukava.\nDeneen2019-06-05T00:00:00Z\nThis beautiful condo is just a block and a half from the beach and boardwalk! It is the bottom back unit with its own fenced in porch and shared patio. This unit is equipped with a washer and dryer, full kitchen with pots and pans, and 4 beach tags included! The condo has two bedrooms with queen size beds & a trundle in the living room with two twin beds.\nThis condo has its own fenced in porch and shared patio.\nOne of the many good things about this condo is it’s in the center of everything! You can walk to any restaurant or shop and all of the Amusement parks.\nBlock and a half from the beach and boardwalk!\nNestled under the eaves of our 2nd story beach cottage, this bright and comfortable two bedroom beachside loft captures amazing natural light and embodies the true beach house experience! It comfortably sleeps 6 and is centrally located in a quiet neighborhood just 3 blocks from the beach and Boardwalk. Enjoy a bright & cheery open floor plan, a big fenced-in yard, and a patio for relaxing & entertaining. Easy access to the Boardwalk, Beach, shopping, & local food!\nA cozy Loft with lots of windows and natural light. Then step outside to enjoy a fenced-in grass yard & brick patio with lounge chairs, dining area, BBQ, and private shower. The yard backs up to a quiet alleyway. The inside area is around 950 sq. ft.\nWillow's Beachside Loft - 2BD, sleeps 6, big yard!\nWe &lt;3 the AirBNB community! We are so happy you have found our home. We recently purchased this home and have given it a series of renovations for the best guest experience possible! Please note, this home is located on the ground floor and has VERY low ceilings. I do not recommend this for tall guests. Its the perfect place for a seaside getaway. Minutes from the beach and boardwalk in the North End of Ocean City NJ. It is on the border of the Gardens with FREE street parking everywhere.\nOur home was built in 1903 & was previously used as a religious retreat home. After purchasing it this year we have since been renovated for a more modern feel. This unit is on the ground floor and has some very low ceilings. It is vintage charm, by the seashore.\nQuiet year round residential neighborhood. Please be mindful of our wonderful community. We are letting you use our home so please keep it the same condition in which you found it :)\nCozy & Charming Vintage Beach bungalow - Sleeps 6!\nTämä oli toinen vierailumme Peachesin kanssa. Se oli yhtä upea kuin ensimmäinen vierailumme. Oli jopa päivitys grillillä, josta pidin. Teen paljon grillausta, joten se oli varmasti bonus. Yksi suurimmista arvoista kaikissa OC: issä\nNopea langaton internetyhteys, kaunis rauhallinen puutarha-oleskelutila / ruokailutila takaosaan ja erittäin mukavat vuoteet.\nPuutalo on rentouttava keidas merikaupungissa. Olimme viikon kahden pienen lapsen kanssa ja olimme erittäin mukavat, tunsimme ollessamme kotoisaksi. Lapset rakastivat pihaa, me kaikki teimme! Se on todella erityinen piilotettu helmi. Olet lähellä kaikkea tässä Airbnb: ssä. Emme kävelleet rannalle, sillä meillä on kaksi pientä, vaalea iho, mutta jos pystyt käsittelemään ylimääräistä aurinkoa, se ei ole huono kävelymatka. Erittäin kaunis naapuruus myös. Suosittelen tätä Airbnb: tä kaikille, jotka haluavat nauttia hauskaa, aurinkoa ja valtameren kaupungin aktiviteetteja ja sitten saada hiljaisen ja rentouttavan paikan tulla kotiin ja rentoutua. Upea ulkosuihku, upeat oleskelu-, ruokailu- ja keittotilat sekä mukavat tilavat makuuhuoneet. Nautimme ruokailusta ja ulkona pelaamisesta ja katsomasimme suloisten kilpikonnien kävelemistä ja uintia. Haluaisimme palata takaisin!\nNewly renovated apartment with brand new kitchen featuring stainless steel appliances, flooring, paint, furniture & decor. Located on Ocean City's Bayside, nestled directly on the water, enjoy panoramic bayside views and an unobstructed sunset!\nTwo bedrooms, one full bathroom, living room and kitchen with breakfast bar. Washer & Dryer, stainless steel refrigerator, microwave, dishwasher, oven and stove in the apartment. Cable TV and High Speed Internet. The living room features a 42\" TV and plenty of seating for the family. We want you to relax on your vacation. Everything will be provided for your stay: Linens, towels, soap, shampoo, things to do! Just show up and enjoy your stay! The apartment is located on the second floor of the brand new Ocean City Boathouse Marina. The first floor is home to Dockside Kitchen, Ocean City's only bay front restaurant serving breakfast, lunch, and dinner (dinner thurs-sun). Enjoy brunch just steps from your front door, or grab a coffee and breakfast sandwich to enjoy in the comfort of the apartment. Please note, the steps to the apartment are located off of the back deck, which is part of the restaurant seating area.\nMany activities are within a block of the apartment including tubing, wakeboarding, waterskiing, banana boating, boat tours, parasailing, jet skiing, pirate ship rides, speed boat rides, kayaking, sailing, paddle boarding and more! Dockside Kitchen is located on the first floor of the building, home to OC's only bayside restaurant. They also have takeout if you would like to enjoy your meal from the privacy of the apartment.\nBAYFRONT BEAUTY ☆ WATERFRONT ☆ UPDATED THROUGHOUT\nNO WEEKLY MIN. Our private 500 sqft studio Loft is just 1 Block to BEACH, boardwalk & Music Pier located in the heart of OCNJ at Atlantic Ave & 8th st. Tucked under the eaves on the 2nd floor, our Loft is packed with charm, character & easy living beach style. We provide Beach Tags for ALL registered guests & free offstreet parking (for 1 car) onsite. The Loft is part of the Zenneth Manor Inn & sleeps 5. A/C for summer & heated for cooler seasons. We provide all linens & bath essentials.\nThe Garret Loft is tucked under the eaves on the second floor of our secondary building and features it's own petite efficiency kitchen, private bath with walk-in tiled shower, two queen beds & two single day beds. The Loft is located in our back building and has it's own seperate tiled entry which is perfect for storing all your beach gear.\nOCNJ Open Loft 1 blk to beach, sleeps 5\nTäydellinen edullinen paikka 3 korkeakouluopiskelijalle, jotka etsivät nopeaa rantaa päästä pois! Surullista emme päässyt kokeilemaan uima-allasta, mutta rakastimme läheisyyttä rannalle ja rantatielle!\nTäydellinen paikka upeille yöunille, kuuma suihku ja täydellinen ystävällinen isäntä!\nGeoff2018-08-12T00:00:00Z\nKaunis aurinkoinen allasalue. Aivan Parkwayn pääsisäänkäynnistä. Wawa .1 kilometrin päässä sekä joitain ja muutaman korttelin päässä rannalle\nSuuri isäntä! Nopea vastaus ja erittäin hyödyllinen. Valitettavasti oleskelumme leikattiin perheen hätätapauksen takia ja joudumme odottamaan yllättäen. Def suositella tätä paikkaa kuitenkin!\nYana N Lenny2018-07-29T00:00:00Z\nArlene on ihana isäntä, joka menee ylhäältä varmistaaksesi, että oleskelu on paljon parempi kuin luulit sen olevan. Uima-allas on hämmästyttävä!\nAll Our guest rooms were designed with relaxing and laid back beach life in mind. Your private room is located on the first floor of our 14 room Inn and has it's own private bath. With two double beds and original touches, we are where vintage charm meets easy living. We are just 1 blk to the OCNJ beach so you can enjoy the ocean breezes on our awning covered porch. Your stay also comes with Daily Maid service, WiFi, complimentary beach tags, free parking, & coffee, tea & pound cake in the AM.\nAs part of our restored 1950's boutique sized Inn, the Zenneth Manor, your room is light, bright & airy with it's own private bath, 2 double beds, restored white oak hardwood floors. Our laid back Double room is 1 block to beach & boardwalk and features individually controlled A/C, a flat screenTV & a mini-refrigerator. We offer daily maid service & complimentary beach tags. Our free parking is located onsite, in our private lot. This is a perfect spot for friends, solo adventurers, & business travelers. Rate is for double occupancy. Adding a third with add $10 per night.\nLocated in the heart of the entertainment district, our Inn is perfect. You can easily walk to some of the islands best restaraunts and amusments.\nOCNJ Vintage Escape 1 blk to beach & boards\nSmartly designed with new furniture, King Bed and Queen pull-out sofabed.\nSpacious 1 bedroom with comfortable pull out queen sofa in living room. Past guests said- “Our best experience yet with Airbnb!” “Will certainly be back”. “The place is fabulous!” , “Very clean!”, “The condo was perfect and the experience was great!” “This condo was super clean and nicely decorated.”, “The place was perfect\". \"Nice and quiet place\"! \"Great hosts, great place, great location, Highly recommend it\"! \"The location of this condo was ideal. 1-1/2 blocks to the beach, 2 blocks to the north end of the boardwalk\". The place was spotlessly clean with ample space for the two of us. No problems finding on-street parking. Marybeth and Tony were gracious hosts and quickly responded to any questions. Highly recommend\"! \"A great location and very clean. The host was very communicative and added nice thoughtful touches\". \"Nice, clean place to stay and close proximity to the beach! Great communication from the hosts, which made it easy for us. Would definitely come back\"! \"We were delighted by the comfortable size and tasteful furnishings of this first-floor condo but it was the little touches that really set this condo apart from our usual Airbnb experiences\".\nYou are just a block and 1/2 from the beach and boardwalk. Perfect location.\nSteps To The Beach ★Offering weekly/monthly Rates!\nOur guest rooms were designed with relaxing and laid back beach life in mind. Your private Queen room is located on the second floor of our 14 room Inn. We are just one block to the beach so you can enjoy the ocean breezes on our awning covered porch. Your stay also comes with WiFi & complimentary coffee, tea and pastries in the morning.\nLocated in the heart of Ocean City, New Jersey we are steps to the Island's best dining and shopping. We are on Atlantic Avenue, near 8th street, just one block to beach.\n281 mi:n päässä\n109 mi:n päässä", "timestamp": "2020-04-03T07:48:08Z", "url": "https://fi.airbnb.com/s/Ocean-City--NJ"}