{"text": "MURSKATA suomesta englanniksi - Ilmainen Sanakirja\nSanan murskata käännös suomi-englanti\nSupport for the separatists cannot, now or in the future, be crushed by the military operations. Separatistien kannatusta ei voida nyt eikä tulevaisuudessa murskata sotilasoperaatioilla. The idea that it will, as the Russian Government believes, be possible to crush all opposition in Chechnya is a myth. Ajatus, että kaikki vastarinta Tšetšeniassa voidaan murskata, kuten Venäjän hallitus uskoo, on myytti. Schopenhauer said 'Any stupid boy can crush a beetle, but all the professors in the world cannot create a new beetle.' Schopenhauer sanoi, että kuka tahansa hölmö poika voi murskata kovakuoriaisen, mutta kaikki maailman professorit eivät pysty luomaan uutta kovakuoriaista.\nOr, how do you safely smash and dispose of 83 million eggs every day? Toisin sanoen kuinka voidaan turvallisesti murskata ja hävittää 83 miljoonaa munaa päivittäin? I could hear the screech of the brakes, then the horrible smash of cars colliding.The driver and two passengers were badly injured in the smash.\nthe stone pulverises easily\nIf the vase falls to the floor, it might breakShe broke the vaseHis ribs broke under the weight of the rocks piled on his chest\nWhen I came home, Susan was watching TV with her feet up on the couch, crunching a piece of celeryBeetles crunched beneath the mens heavy boots as they workedThat metadata makes it much easier for the search engine to crunch the data for queries\nDuly noted! Indeed, in this regard, let the European institutions not dash the legitimate expectations of the citizens of the accession countries, for the sake of a more secure, more just world. Turvallisemman ja oikeudenmukaisemman maailman tähden älkäämme antako Euroopan unionin toimielinten murskata unioniin liittyvien maiden kansalaisten tätä koskevia oikeutettuja toiveita.Add a dash of vinegarArent we full of dash this morning?\nWe are all asking for flexibility, but we must not of course destroy the principles behind having legislation in this area. Me olemme kaikki vaatimassa joustavuutta, mutta emme tietenkään saa murskata tämän alan lainsäädännön taustalla olevia periaatteita. The earthquake destroyed several apartment complexesHooligans destroy unprovoked\nIt is a neoliberal hammer designed to obliterate all social aspects. Se on uusliberaalien moukari, jolla on tarkoitus murskata kaikki sosiaaliset näkökohdat. St. Augustine was the hammer of heresies.I could hear the engine’s valves hammering once the timing rod was thrown.\nthe Rhode Island pound; the New Hampshire poundBeverly Hills Cop, Paramount Pictures, 1984Inspector Douglas Todd: Where did you get a truckload of cigarettes from anyway?\nto quell griefto quell the tumult of the soul\nWhen he upended the bottle of water over his sleeping sister, the lid popped off and surprised them bothupend the box and empty the contentsThe scientific evidence upended the popular myth\nSanan murskata määritelmät\ntehdä murskaksi, rikkoa palasiksi\npunakone murskasi Suomen maajoukkueen", "timestamp": "2018-09-19T04:12:17Z", "url": "https://ilmainensanakirja.fi/suomi-englanti/murskata"}