{"text": "Koe Toronto | Booking.com\n110 571 hotelliarviota\n6 922 tarkistettua arvioita B&B:istä ja majataloista\n10 610 arviota loma-asunnoista\nKokeile teemoja shoppailu, nähtävyydet ja ravintolat seuraavalla matkallasi maamerkin Woodbine-kilparata ympäristössä!\nScarboroughin keskusta – ympäristö soveltuu erinomaisesti matkailijoille, joita kiinnostavat ruoka, nähtävyydet ja ravintolat.\nSt. Joseph's Health Centre – ympäristö sopii etenkin teemoihin nähtävyydet, ruoka ja ravintolat!\nScarborough Bluffs – ympäristö soveltuu erinomaisesti matkailijoille, joita kiinnostavat nähtävyydet, museot ja shoppailu.\nToronton keskusta soveltuu matkailijoiden mukaan erinomaisesti teemoihin nähtävyydet, ravintolat ja ruoka.\nToronto – Kaupungin todellinen sydän\nToronto – Kaupungin todellinen sydän on teemoista nähtävyydet, ravintolat ja ruoka tykkäävien matkailijoiden suosiossa.\nJos nähtävyydet, ravintolat ja ruoka kiinnostavat, on Core area of Toronto juuri oikea kaupunginosa!\nEntertainment District soveltuu erinomaisesti matkailijoille, joita kiinnostavat nähtävyydet, ravintolat ja ruoka.\nNorth York hurmaa muun muassa teemojen nähtävyydet, shoppailu ja ravintolat ansiosta.\nJos nähtävyydet, shoppailu ja ravintolat kiinnostavat, on The Harbourfront juuri oikea kaupunginosa!\nEtobicoke hurmaa muun muassa teemojen shoppailu, nähtävyydet ja ravintolat ansiosta.\nScarborough hurmaa muun muassa teemojen shoppailu, nähtävyydet ja ravintolat ansiosta.\nHotelli sijaitsee vastapäätä Union Station -asemaa. Hotellissa on kattoikkunalla varustettu sisäuima-allas ja 5 ravintolaa. ”The staff were unfailingly polite and attentive. The quality of decor throughout and attention to detail. Superb restaurants.”\nTämä 5 tähden hotelli sijaitsee liikealueen keskustassa, 1,3 km:n päässä CN Towerista. ”The staff! Everyone we encountered were not only polite and helpful, they seemed genuinely interested in us and making our stay the best it could be.”\nTässä Toronton keskustassa sijaitsevassa hotellissa on oma ravintola. Kaikissa huoneissa on jääkaappi. Eaton Centre on 2 minuutin ajomatkan päässä. ”Sijainti ja ystävällinen henkilökunta.”\nTämä vuonna 1914 rakennettu hotelli sijaitsee Torontossa, ja siinä yhdistyvät historiallinen viehätysvoima, tyylikkyys ja modernit mukavuudet. St. ”Superb lakeside views. Stylish and clean studio. Great location.”\nJust a 15-minute drive from the city centre, Toronto Don Valley Hotel and Suites boasts an outdoor pool with a sun terrace and an indoor pool with a glass ceiling. ”The staff was very friendly and welcoming. Also,I really liked how the indoor pool opened so early. Great feature.”\nTämä ylellinen hotelli tarjoaa lämmitetyillä porealtailla varustetun kattopation, jolta on näkymät Toronton keskustaan. Hotellissa on myös gourmet-ravintola ja ilmainen Wi-Fi. ”Nothing to complain,nice service,good food also in restaurant.”\nLocated in Central Toronto and just steps from the local metro stops this hostel offers spacious shared and private rooms. The on-site bar, The Cavern, features live bands most nights of the week. ”Staff were friendly. I loved shampoo and soaps in shower. There is plenty of space to chill out and socialise. I loved the free tour to the Art Gallery and the city, and the guide - she was perfect!”\n”Friendly and helpful staff. Great room - different from regular hotel chains; lots of little details (eg Bose speakers) that we loved. Loved the photobooth in lobby. Had dessert on rooftop...yummy.”\nToronton keskustassa sijaitseva hotelli on kävelymatkan päässä monista suosituista nähtävyyksistä, kuten Royal Ontario -museosta. ”Huoneemme oli todella tilava isoine ikkunoineen. Sijainti erinomainen, lähellä kauppoja ja ravintoloita.”\nHotel Victoria sijaitsee Toronton ydinkeskustassa alle 5 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä finanssialueelta. Paikan päällä on ilmainen WiFi. Hockey Hall of Fame on 3 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä. ”Erittäin siisti ja palveystävällinen hotelli. Lähellä kaikkea.”\nTämä Toronton keskustassa sijaitseva hotelli on finanssialueella vain lyhyen kävelymatkan päässä Toronton teatterialueelta. Se tarjoaa kahvilan, brittiläistyylisen pubin ja nykyaikaista majoitusta. ”Kävelymatka rannalle, ruokapaikkoja lähellä.”\nThis Toronto hotel is 1.5 km from the Rogers Centre and the CN Tower. The hotel offers a rooftop pool and bar with views of the city's Fashion District. ”Great service from the staff. Equal to any 5-star we've been to. Our new go to in Toronto.”\nNestled in the heart of Toronto’s entertainment district, this hotel offers a restaurant and a bar. Daily breakfast and free Wi-Fi are provided to all guests. St. Andrew Subway Station is 600 m away. ”Room was lovely\nTämä ylellinen boutique-hotelli tarjoaa modernit mukavuudet, ja se sijaitsee Toronton keskustan liikealueella kävelymatkan päässä Eaton Centrestä ja Toronton vanhastakaupungista. ”Iso, rauhallinen ja siisti huone 3 hengelle. Erinomainen sijainti: Kävelymatka Toronton keskeisiin kohteisiin.”\nSituated opposite the Toronto Congress Centre, this hotel boasts a Starbucks in the lobby and a number of on-site restaurants. Free WiFi is provided in each room. ”Convemnience to public transport. Good clean rooms. Good breakfast and the service there,”\nToronto’s historic Gladstone Hotel is at the heart of the city’s art and design district. ”Tanner was amazingly helpful with hot tips on where to go and how to get there....thanks so much x\nAlso beautiful long haired blonde girl in bar who helped us use Uber, also so helpful.”\nProviding free Wi-Fi, this North York property features Monty’s Café and Bar. Downtown Toronto is 16 km away. ”Great place. Would definitely stay again.”\nSet just off Highways 401 and 404, the Edward Village North York is 9 minutes' walk from Don Mills subway station. Free WiFi is available throughout. ”Quiet room, slept really well. Spacious room with refrigerator and microwave.”\n”Sijainti metron vieressä riittävän turvallisella alueella. Siisti huone ja hyvä sänky, huoneessa myös jääkaappi ja kahvinkeitin. Hotellin alakerrassa mukava pubi ja viihtyisät oleskelutilat sekä sisällä että ulkona. Ilmainen wifi.”\nTämä hotelli sijaitsee Yorkvillen hienostoalueella lähellä useita Toronton hienoimpia ravintoloita. Paikan päällä on täyden palvelun spa ja kansainvälisen tason spa-hoitoja. ”High level of attentiveness and friendly service at all levels of staff.”\n”Well located close to Yonge & Eglington.\nWith views of the Toronto Harbor and the Financial District, this luxurious hotel and spa offers comfortable guestrooms. A spa and wellness centre is located on site. ”Excellent location, short walk from train station, close to ameneties.\nTämä Toronton keskustassa sijaitseva hotelli on 5 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä Bloor-Yongen metroasemalta. Se tarjoaa ilmaisen WiFin, ravintolan, sisäuima-altaan sekä kuntosalin. ”Iso huoneisto, jossa oli hieno keittiö, hyvät näkymät ja kiva parveke, huoneistossa olisi viihtynyt kauemminkin.”\n”a really good service with a high speed Wifi”\nOne of downtown Toronto's most iconic locations, The Rex Hotel Jazz & Blues Bar boasts live music every night. ”Sijainti. Siisteys, vaikka vanhan tilat.”\nTämä Torontossa sijaitseva hotelli on vajaan 5 minuutin ajomatkan päässä Kensington-torilta ja Chinatownista. Jokaisessa huoneessa on täysin varustettu minikeittiö, oma kylpyhuone ja ilmainen WiFi. ”The location was excellent and it's great for the price. A comfortable hotel for those who doesn't want to pay much. The staff was also really helpful. I would definitely chose this hotel again.”\nSituated less than 5 minutes' drive from Toronto Pearson International, Hotel Carlingview offers a 24-hour shuttle service to and from the airport. ”The staff were all very friendly and always helpful - even when we checked in at 1.30am. They always had coffee and muffins available in the lounge area, and this included decaff coffee which made me very happy indeed.”\n”The staff and accommodationstudents were great! Loved the lemon water in the foyer wish there was tea though”\n”Bed was awesome. The whole room was excellent. Rm 311 was very comfy. A hotel we would definitely return when in Toronto.”\nRoyal Oak Inn sijaitsee Toronton keskustassa ja tarjoaa ilmaisen mannermaisen aamiaisen, WiFin ja 24h-vastaanoton. Modernisti sisustetuissa huoneissa on kaapeli-tv. ”Sijainti oli hyvä. Hinta-laatusuhde kohdallaan.”\nTämä sviittihotelli on yhdistetty Toronton maanalaiseen ostos- ja tunnelijärjestelmään (PATH) ja sijaitsee kävelyetäisyydellä monista nähtävyyksistä, kuten Eaton Centrestä ja Massey Hallista. ”Friendly staff and breakfast included”\nWithin a minute's walk from Sherbourne Subway Station and various restaurants, the non-smoking Avalon Tourist Suites is located in the city of Toronto. ”Loved the decor! My teenage daughter wants to live there lol. Location was excellent for all our sightseeing adventures. We will stay again. Kitchen is fully equipped. We didn't use it but if we stayed longer we would have. Odd to never see anyone but it was nice”\nLocated in Toronto’s Entertainment and Fashion districts, this luxury boutique hotel features a cocktail lounge. Showcasing contemporary design, each suite is equipped with free WiFi. ”The room was so gorgeous. Staff were nice and available for any issue. Great location in downtown Toronto!”\nTämä keskeisellä paikalla sijaitseva hotelli on 3 km:n päässä monista Toronton keskustan tärkeimmistä nähtävyyksistä, kuten CN Towerista. ”The staff was very friendly and were a great help. The atmosphere of the hotel was comfortable. The room was very nice, clean and modern to my surprise, it felt like a higher end hotel. The price is excellent. I will definitely be staying here again.”\nTämä Torontossa, Ontariossa sijaitseva hotelli tarjoaa ilmaisen 24h-kuljetuspalvelun Toronto Pearsonin kansainväliselle lentokentälle, joka on 1 km:n päässä. ”Huge room, huge comfy bed, very fast wifi. Close to lots of cheap restaurants, free airport shuttle. Good shower, good staff.”\nTämä majoituspaikka sijaitsee 3 korttelin päässä Toronton yliopistosta ja College Park -kompleksia vastapäätä. ”The apartment was excellent location, very spacious with all mod cons. We loved it and will recommend it to others going to Toronto.”\nLocated near the Queensway Highway, this budget motel offers free Wi-Fi throughout and private parking on site. Rooms enjoy a fridge and microwave. ”I like the staff. There were very friendly. Excellent big bathroom has been recently renovated.\nClose to stores and parks, and quay with an amazing view.\nPreviously, we pay attention to the rating and worried.\nIn fact, this place was safety and quit.\nBig bed with a big memory form mattresses!!!”\nVain 5 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä Dundasin metroasemalta sijaitseva Central Hotel Toronto tarjoaa huoneita, joissa on kaapeli-tv. Hotellin kaikilla alueilla on käytettävissä ilmainen Wi-Fi. ”Hintaansa nähden kaikki kohdillaan. Yövyn toisteki jos osun Torontoon.”\nTämä ensiluokkainen hotelli on rauhallinen keidas Toronton keskustan sydämessä, ja se tarjoaa span ja ylelliset mukavuudet. Hotelli sijaitsee 140 metrin päässä Toronto Eaton Centre -kauppakeskuksesta....\n”Friendly staff and great room decor”\nThis Toronto hotel offers rooms with free Wi-Fi and a flat-screen TVs. The non-smoking hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Kensington Market, with shopping, dining and entertainment. ”Aamiainen oli suoraan sanoen kelvoton, kohtuutonta, että se yleensä maksoi jotain.\nHuone oli todella hieno ja sängyssä nukkui paremmin kuin kotona :)”\nLocated in the heart of central Toronto, this accommodation features free property-wide WiFi and a kitchenette in all suites and studios. The boutiques and cafés of Queen Street are 1 km away. ”We were well taken care of by staff and our only problem was dealt with immediately”\nMajoitu yhdessä Kanadan suurimmista yliopistoista ja koe Toronton keskustan elämän syke. ”safety, very cooperative staff, calm n quite place .......... Best is centrally located”\n”great location, friendly staff, very cozy and comfortable, enjoyed the bar and the food”\nTämä etobicokelainen hotelli sijaitsee 15 minuutin ajomatkan päässä Pearsonin kansainväliseltä lentoasemalta. ”Kohtalaisen helposti saavutettavissa julkisilla liikennevälineillä sekä lentokentältä että keskustasta. Siisteys OK, samoin aamiainen. Henkilökunnan palvelu hyvää.”\nThe Art Gallery of Ontario is 15.4 km from this hotel in Toronto. Guest rooms provide a seating area with cable TV and free Wi-Fi. ”The location of the hotel. And how nice the staff was.”\nSurrounded by shops and restaurants on trendy Queen Street West in Toronto, this boutique hotel offers rooms with minimalist décor and a mounted flat-screen TV. ”Great personnel, friendly service, good location”\nThis hotel is located on the Seneca College Campus and is 19 km from downtown Toronto. Residence & Conference Centre - Toronto suites include a dining area and two separate bedrooms. ”Very clean, the service was efficient. The staff was knowledgeable and friendly.”\nTämä viihtyisä hotelli on vain lyhyen ajomatkan päässä Canada´s Wonderland -teemapuistosta. ”staff/hotel/restaurant excellent as always. i stay there once or twice a year”\nThe 5-star Windsor Arms Hotel is centrally located in the city of Toronto. A European-inspired spa, 2 restaurants and free WiFi are also featured. ”Brilliant hotel, front desk was so helpful, fantastic bar with friendly staff.”\nBoasting a rooftop terrace, this guest accommodation in Toronto’s Entertainment District offers modern, fully furnished apartments and 24-hour security. ”Absolutely fantastic place to stay, great location, right in the heart of Toronto!”\nCanary is an apartment situated in Toronto, 1.9 km from Hockey Hall of Fame. Canary features views of the garden and is 2 km from Toronto Eaton Centre. Glen Grove - Conservatory Tower\n”Tilava kiva huoneisto, jossa oli kaikki tarvittava 2 wc:tä tärkeä asia 5:lle.”\nLess than 5 minutes' walk from Spadina Avenue and Toronto's Chinatown, Toronto Travellers Home offers free WiFi. Coin laundry facilities are located on the premises of this hostel. ”Handy location for sure.... easy to get to, parking and all.”\nLocated in the city centre, this Toronto property provides breakfast and free Wi-Fi. A pizza restaurant and a guest kitchen are on site. The University of Toronto is 5 minutes’ walk away. ”The location was perfect, breakfast was great, and staff were extra friendly.”\nOffering easy access to Highway 427 and located 19 km from downtown Toronto, Canadas Best Value Inn Toronto has free WiFi and on-site parking. ”Convenient location, modern design inside. I'd more than worthy than my payment.”\nKeskeisellä paikalla Toronton keskustassa sijaitseva Keppner Guesthouse on vain 2 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä Sherbournen metroasemalta. ”Bed was comfortable, facility was great for someone who just needs a cheap place to crash for the night while your out on the town”\nHotelli sijaitsee Toronton itäisellä liikealueella, lyhyen ajomatkan päässä keskustasta. Se tarjoaa vaivattomat yhteydet moottoriteille, nykyaikaiset mukavuudet ja viihtyisää majoitusta. ”The staff was exceptional in helping us with directions, advice and overall care. We had a 5 year old who fell ill and the service provided by the staff was amazing. They helped us bedding, clean towels and provided information on where to take him for help. We plan on returning to Toronto in a couple years and this is definately where we will be staying. Thanks to all the staff.”\nLocated in downtown Toronto, this boutique hotel is next to the Wellesley Subway Station. It is recently renovated and features free WiFi access. ”Anthony and Sophia were awesome\nAnthony made sure we were taken care of well. Will definately stay there again.”\nbnbTO is located in on a residential street in Toronto. The nearest bus stop, offering direct access to downtown Toronto, is just 2 minutes' walk away. Free WiFi is available throughout the hostel. ”Easy access 24 hours public transfer and malls, staff is friendly. Affordable with continental breakfast. Met lots of people from different places. Very clean, comfy good place ti stay short and long stay.”\nTässä kätevästi 10 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä Toronton Union Station -rautatieasemalta ja Air Canada Centrestä sijaitsevassa hotellissa on oma ravintola ja baari. ”Location.. very cool room design..”\nTämä keskeisellä paikalla Toronton keskustassa sijaitseva opiskelijaresidenssi on vain 10 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä Yonge Streetin kaupoista ja ravintoloista. ”Melko monipuolinen aamupalabuffee.”\nThis hotel is less than 5 minutes from Toronto International Airport and offers free airport transportation. It also offers free Wi-Fi, a gym and rooms with a 37-inch LCD TV. ”The staff were welcoming the room was clean the bed was comfortable no complain”\nPositioned on a peaceful, tree-lined street, only steps from public transportation and the excitement of Toronto city centre, this guest house offers cosy guestrooms with modern amenities. ”总体来说各方面都很满意。房间很安静，床铺很舒服，服务人员态度也很好。位置不错，距离young street很近，去哪里都很方便。总体来说很温馨很自由，很有家的感觉。”\nAlle 5 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä Spadina Avenuelta Toronton Chinatownin sydämessä sijaitseva Chinatown Travellers Home tarjoaa ilmaisen WiFi:n. ”Pidin sijainnista, vaikkakin luulin varanneeni ketjun toisesta paikasta ja minut siirreettiin toiseen.”\nTämä hotelli on 5 km:n päässä Toronto Pearsonin kansainväliseltä lentokentältä, ja se tarjoaa ilmaisen 24h-lentokenttäkuljetuksen. Hotellin kaikissa huoneissa on mikroaaltouuni ja jääkaappi. ”Ystävällinen henkiläkunta.Lentokenttakuljetus”\nSituated in the heart of Toronto's entertainment district, Veeds Private Suites includes free WiFi and an on-site fitness centre. The Royal Alexandra Theatre is only 6 minutes' walk away. ”The place overall was just amazing. Very comfy and a beautiful view of the west side was a plus.”\nA&A suites stylish apartments in the heart of downtown Toronto offers free WiFi and private on-site parking. Amenities include free WiFi, a flat-screen TV and a well-equipped kitchen. ”Alex and Sasha met us and gave a tour to ensure everything was understood.”\nLocated in Toronto, Mary-am Hotel North York is just 1.4 km from Sheppard-Yonge Subway Station. Free WiFi and local calling are included. A microwave and a fridge are provided in all suites. ”Location, rooms being like a suit, and helpfulness of the personnel.”\nLocated in an historic terrace house built in 1886, this Central Toronto B&B offers contemporary rooms with free Wi-Fi and a self-service breakfast each morning. ”Everything was excellent. I appreciated the easy, quick check-in process. Wifi was very good. The apartment was quite large and I thought it was very good value for money considering how much most rooms in this area cost.”\nNämä huoneistot sijaitsevat Torontossa vain 500 metrin päässä Metro Toronto -kongressikeskuksesta, ja niissä on täysin varustettu keittiö. Saatavilla on ilmainen WiFi. ”Location was great. It was very clean and well appointed. There were more than enough pots and pans and dishes. You let me in early which I really appreciated. And security was very helpful. Thank you”\nUniversity Apartment is a hostel located in Toronto's Chinatown. Free WiFi is available. The trendy Kensington Market neighbourhood is only 5 minutes' walk from this property. ”Great location, friendly staff and very clean. Love this place. I stay here regularly and highly recommend it. Excellent price for what it offers.”\nThe adult-only Filmores Hotel offers simply furnished accommodation, centrally located in downtown Toronto. A Gentleman's club is located on the ground floor of the hotel. ”everything was good and as expected for a modestly priced hotel TTC is 1 minute away restaurants close by and really convenient to downtown.I will stay there again”\nAcross from Woodbine Racetrack and offering free transfers to nearby Pearson International Airport, this hotel features an indoor swimming pool. Free WiFi is available throughout. ”Walking Convenience to good restaurants (Spotlight Carbbean Kitchen was excellent) and shopping. Easy driving access to other areas of Toronto”\nBuilt in the 1890s, this historic Victorian townhouse is about 1 km from Dundas Square in downtown Toronto. Free Wi-Fi and a daily open buffet breakfast are provided. ”Majapaikkana oli viehättävä ja vanha pieni talo, jossa paikan ystävälliset pitäjät loivat sinne kotoisan tunnelman. Keskeinen sijainti ja majapaikan helppo löydettävyys oli hyvä asia ensimmäistä kertaa kaupungissa matkaavalle. Aamupala oli loistava, kun sai mm. itse paistaa mieluisansa munat ja juoda loputtomasti hyvää kahvia.”\nCentrally located in downtown Toronto, this historical and detached guesthouse is just 300 metres from Sherbourne Subway Station. ”Excellent location.\nThese self-catering Toronto apartments come fully equipped with a kitchen. Free WiFi is provided. Toronto city centre is 15 minutes’ drive away. ”Transport was easy to most areas Manager was helpful and accommodating.”\nLocated in a restored 1850’s chocolate factory, this luxurious hotel features an award winning restaurant. Guest rooms are spacious, uniquely decorated and provide a private balcony. ”Fantastic spacious room with big balcony.”\nLifeSuites Loft - Entertainment & Financial District sijaitsee Toronton keskustan viihdealueella, ja se tarjoaa kuntokeskuksen ja ulkouima-altaan. ”Amazing facility, great room. Definitely recommend”\nAn on-site restaurant and bar are featured at these Toronto, Ontario apartments. A fully-equipped kitchen and laundry facilities are provided in each unit. Free Wi-Fi is included. ”Everything. We stayed in a 2-bedroom penthouse, but we were also shown an apartment, which was equally good if you need just one bedroom. The place is very well-managed, cleaning services are excellent and the personnel is very helpful. The kitchen is fully equipped, the bedrooms and bathrooms are very comfortable. TV, internet, telephone landline and other amenities were all included. And the nice treats prepared for our arrival made us feel really welcome in Toronto! I come here every year, at least once and I always search for this kind of suite - this was certainly my best stay in the city so far. My warm thanks to Elisabeth, the manager, and her team. Excellent job!”\nThe Saint James Hotel sijaitsee Torontossa, vain 5 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä Yonge-Dundas-aukiolta. Saatavilla on ilmainen WiFi. ”Mukava hotelli keskustassa. Hekilökunta ystävällinen, varsinkin yöllä töissä oleva nuori mies.”\nDowntown Suites sijaitsee Torontossa. Majoituspaikassa on sisäuima-allas ja kuntokeskus paikan päällä. Fort Yorkin historiallinen keskus on 500 metrin päässä majoituspaikasta. ”Having to retrieve the key from a different location seemed like it would be an issue, but it was literally right around the corner, maybe a 3mins walk. Location was perfect with a great restaurant minutes from the front door and others to chose from. Also having Sobey`s around the corner was very handy.”\nToronton muodikkaassa Roncesvalles Villagessa sijaitseva Roncey Hotel tarjoaa ilmaisen WiFin. Toronton keskusta on 3 km:n päässä. ”The hostess that checked me in on Saturday May 5th deserves all my credit she was the most cheerful and welcoming staff of all my years in travels! Thanks for your assistance!”\nThe budget Park Motel is conveniently located right off of Highway 2 and next to Halbert Park. It offers complimentary wired internet, parking and local calling. ”The room was clean and very tidy. The bed was very comfortable. I would love to come back and stay again.”\nThe Only Backpacker's Inn is within 110 metres from Donlands Subway Station, in the Danforth area. It features free Wi-Fi access, shared BBQ facilities and an on-site cafe-bar/restaurant. ”Everything.. its a colourful and creative space throughout the hostel including the café and bar. Breakfast was the best and included in the stay. Its a tube journey out of the centre of Toronto (about 15 minutes) but that was good for me.. less frenetic than staying in the city and only one minute walk from the metro.. my room had a noisy aircon (only a minor infringement to a really enjoyable stay..) Plenty of space to chill out and downtime with a great kitchen and friendly, helpful staff.”\nTämä hyvällä paikalla Toronton keskustassa sijaitseva majoituspaikka tarjoaa ilmaisen WiFin. Kaikissa tilavissa huoneistoissa on täysin varustettu keittiö. CN Tower on 10 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä....\n”Great over all service, location and facilities!”\nLocated in the city centre, Toronto Escape - Bay & College - Ruby Red & Pink Suites offers a communal indoor pool, hot tub and fitness room. Lido Motel\nLocated in the Scarborough district in Toronto, 21 km from Ryerson University, Lido Motel features air-conditioned rooms and free private parking. Rooms have a TV. Atlas Suites - CN Tower & Convention Centre Toronto\nViihde- ja finassialueella sijaitseva Atlas Suites - CN Tower & Convention Centre Toronto tarjoaa ulkouima-altaan ja kuntokeskuksen. Itsepalvelumajoitukseen kuuluu ilmainen WiFi. ”Ylellinen huoneisto hyvällä näköalalla ja sijainnilla. Hyvin varusteltu. Ruokakauppa muutaman askeleen päässä oli suuri plus.”\nLocated in Toronto, Locarno Hostel has a shared kitchen and lounge area. Free WiFi access is available. A desk, sofa, and air conditioning are offered in each room at the hostel. ”Shared newly remodeled bath with large shower marble and glass doors. Rarely used by the other 2 units upstairs. And if it were to be in use, there is a second bathroom on first floor next to common kitchen. Bedroom large and very clean for the. 3 of us. Queen bed and futon couch opened up to double bed. This was an excellent value and 5 times cheaper than surround on hotels and very private. There was also a driveway for my car that was only $12 extra per day. I highly recommend this place.”\nFeaturing free WiFi, Atlas Suites Furnished Apartments- Downtown Toronto is located in Toronto, 800 metres from CN Tower. Toronto Symphony Orchestra is 1.1 km away. ”Very pleasant Apartment, with all the amenities that you could ask for and a very comfortable bed. Located close to the CN Tower and Ripley's Aquarium and downtown Toronto.”\nRyan House is situated in Toronto, 15 km from York University. You will find a coffee machine and a kettle in each guest room. Slippers, free toiletries and a hairdryer are also provided. Shuter House\nOnly 600 metres from Yonge-Dundas Square, Shuter House provides affordable accommodation in Toronto. Free WiFi access is available throughout the property. ”Very attractive, clean and quite.”\nWithin 800 metres from Eglinton Subway Station, The Parkway Place House is just 500 metres of various restaurants. ”Awesum suite. just 8 min walk to subway. Spacious, clean and almost no noises. Terrific queen bed.”\n”the room was spacious, clean and lovely, the bathroom was a bit unclean after many people had used it in the morning. However, it was overall cleaned up in the evening. The house is bright and has many rooms including several living rooms with bookshelves, a fireplace and a nice breakfast room.\nA perfect place to be!”\nFeaturing free WiFi, New Plaza Motel is located in Scarborough. Rooms are fitted with a private bathroom. Downtown Toronto is 21 km from New Plaza Motel, while Mississauga is 42 km from the property. ”Newly renovated room. Everything was brand new. Even the bed. Suoer clean and the front desk manager was awesome. Very nice an welcoming”\nOffering a fitness centre and seasonal outdoor pool, Hav-Inn Suites is located in downtown Toronto. The CN Tower and Ripley's Aquarium are both 5 minutes' walk away. ”Customer service was second to none! Very impressed by their friendly attitude and willing to do an extra mile!”\nNämä ylelliset huoneistot sijaitsevat Toronton keskustan sydämessä, ja niihin kuuluu täysin varustettu keittiö. Ilmainen WiFi on käytettävissä kaikissa tiloissa. ”-Spacious rooms with all amenities.\n-Proximty to major attractions of the city as the apartment is located in the heart of downtown.\n-The owner Mr Adnan is an extremely nice person, even though we arrived early than scheduled time he contacted the house keeping service and they stored our luggage till check in.”\nTämä hotelli sijaitsee Toronton keskustassa, vain 10 minuutin ajomatkan päässä CN Tower -tornista. Huoneissa on oleskelualue, jossa on kaapeli-tv. ”It was close to where we wanted to be and the bed was so comfortable.”\nLess than one kilometre from University of Toronto, this guest accommodation provides easy access to local subway stations. Free Wi-Fi is offered. ”This house felt like home from the first second. Gitta is an incredibly nice and caring person. She is taking such good care of her guests. I enjoyed my stay so much and I will definetely return.”\nSituated in Toronto, this air-conditioned apartment features free WiFi. Emerald Suites Toronto features views of the city and is 1 km from CN Tower. Free private parking is available on site. ”Perfect location, beautiful view, clean, comfortable and relaxing. Will definitely be booking here again in the future.”\nTämä Toronton keskustassa sijaitseva hotellimajoitus on 25 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä Toronton yliopistolta ja 3 km:n päässä CN Towerista. ”The owner greated me and was really friendly. The facility was spotless. I highly recommend this guest house.”\nSituated in Toronto, 1.2 km from Ryerson University, Taigh Ice features free WiFi access and private parking. You will find dry cleaning services at the property. ”Great location!\nSituated in Toronto's Oakwood Village neighbourhood, this homestay offers free WiFi. Eglinton West Station, offering direct service to downtown Toronto, is just 10 minutes' walk away. Sandman Signature Toronto Airport Hotel\nOnly 4.6 km from Pearson International Airport, this hotel boasts a free airport shuttle services. comfortable guestrooms and an on-site restaurant. ”The room was luxury and value for money”\nOffering free WiFi and a complimentary continental breakfast each morning, North York BB is located on a residential street in North York. On-site parking is included. ”Excellent location, owners are super friendly and helpful. Best hotel ever.”\nMargie Townhome Suites is located in Toronto. Free WiFi access is available. Both Yonge-Dundas Square and the Eaton Centre are within 5 minutes' walk. ”Very well organized, great stay!!”\nTähän vain 300 metrin päässä CN Towerista sijaitsevaan torontolaiseen majoituspaikkaan kuuluu ulkouima-allas ja kuntokeskus. Huoneistoissa on keittiö. WiFi-yhteyden käyttö sisältyy majoitushintaan. ”Sijainti loistava lähellä CN Toweria .Tilava uudehko asunto, hienot näkymät 30.kerroksesta kaupungille ja Ontario järvelle. Iso parveke. Hyvin varustettu keittiö, 2 kylpyhuonetta, pyykinpesukone ja kuivausrumpu .”\n”Great location about a 15min walk to various shops and the station. Room exactly as advertised.”\nFeaturing free WiFi and an outdoor pool, Grand Motel offers accommodation in Toronto, 21 km from Ryerson University. Every room comes with a flat-screen TV with cable channels. ”Being away from home they made my stay as comfortable as though I was at home”\nWithin 4 km from Toronto Pearson International Airport, this boutique hotel offers a free airport shuttle service and complimentary WiFi. It also boasts an indoor pool and 24-hour fitness centre. ”Everything was above our expectations.”\nFeaturing air conditioning, Apartment at Lakeshore is situated in Toronto, 9 km from BMO Field. CN Tower is 11 km from the property. Private parking is available on site. ”This place was not what was advertised.”\nTämä majoituspaikka sijaitsee rannalla 15 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä Metro Toronto Convention Centre -kongressikeskuksesta ja vain 3,2 km:n päässä Toronto Island -lentokentältä. ”Hyvä sijainti Harbourfrontissa.Hyvien kulkuyhteyksien lähellä. Paljon ruokailumahdollisuuksia. Ruokakauppa alhaalla. Siisti ja tilava. Jos jokin ei toiminut,se korjattiin.”\nLocated in a bustling neighbourhood of downtown Toronto, Kensington Market House offers free WiFi. Guests can enjoy a communal kitchen offering an oven, a microwave and an electric kettle. ”The owner is extremely nice and kind! The rooms are very clean too! I had a wonderful time there and will choose this hotel again for sure!”\nBellamond Yorkville tarjoaa majoitusta Torontossa 700 metrin päässä Queens Parkista ja 800 metrin päässä Toronton yliopistosta. Huoneisto on 1,8 km:n päässä Ryersonin yliopistosta. ”The suit is luxury and clean. For family with two young kids is the best option.”\nSet in Toronto, this air-conditioned apartment features a terrace with lake views. Guests benefit from free WiFi and private parking available on site. ”The unit was very nice and cozy. The facilities inside the unit were very convenient. It was nice to have a grocery store across the street and at queens quay just about 5 minutes walk. The was very nice.the fridge was a perfect size for the unit. We would surely use your suites again.”\nSet on a boat and docked in Toronto Harbour, this unique and seasonal bed and breakfast boasts unlimited views of the city centre and Lake Ontario. Free Wi-Fi is offered in all areas. ”Diane and Ted are great!! Lovely room, wonderful meals, and unforgettable hospitality!!\nThe location is good to access to everywhere. Nightly recommended !”\nNestled on a residential street in the heart of Toronto city centre, this Victorian B&B is less than 2 km from the Theatre and Financial Districts. Free Wi-Fi and cable TV are offered in all rooms. ”Everything was perfect! The guest haus is so centrally located..you don't need to take the bus or tram to travel around Toronto. I felt very safe in this neighborhood! The staff was very friendly! The rooms and kitchen were very clean! One of the best things was that they had a fully equipped kitchen with food that everybody can eat (a lot of fruits, cereal, coffee) and the breakfast was delicious! I loved it! I am certainly staying there again when in Toronto!”\nLocated in the city centre of Toronto, Havinn International Guest House offers budget accommodation with a shared bathroom. It features a common seating, dining and kitchen area. ”Excellent location, beautiful house, big and comfortable room and super clean bathrooms! Great kitchen well equipped for tea, coffee and small meals ... and the owner is simply adorable!”\nTämä Kanadan Torontossa sijaitseva täysin savuton hotelli on 6 km:n päässä Pearsonin kansainväliseltä lentokentältä. ”Breakfast was fine and staff reception awesome.”\nLocated 1 km from CN Tower, Sapphire Suites offers accommodation in Toronto. Providing free private parking, the apartment is 1.4 km from Toronto Symphony Orchestra. Free WiFi is offered . ”Perfect location and reasonable price !!”\nLocated in the heart of downtown Toronto, Atlas Suites Wellington - Furnished Apartments offers an indoor pool and a fitness centre. This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi. ”The room had an amazing view, it was clean and comfortable! Walking distance to the major attractions in the city, we all felt safe and secure :)”\nWithin 100 metres from various restaurants, shops and a public library, Spadina 11 Guesthouse is centrally located in Toronto. ”Perfect location: at side of metro station, markets, restaurants and much more.\nVery quiet place and staff is very good.”\nOffering free WiFi, NGE Stays - York Street Apartments is located in downtown Toronto. The CN Tower is less than 10 minutes' walk away. ”Beautiful apartment, close to everything we needed just loved it”\nLocated in city of Toronto, Sky Suites Yorkville offers an on-site fitness centre. This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi and overlooking the city. ”Very luxury appartement! I will rebook it again when coming next time to Toronto! It is directly at a major subway station. Also taxis are waiting at the door due to the mariott opposite the street 24/7.”\nEpic Condo offers pet-friendly accommodation in Toronto. Guests benefit from balcony. Free WiFi is available . ”Sijainnista, huoneiston kompaktissa koosta”\nOffering access to public transport, this studio in Toronto city centre is facing a streetcar stop and is 10 minutes’ walk from Dundas Square. Fully furnished, the unit comes complete with a kitchen. ”the owner let me check out late at no extra charge”\nLocated in the city centre of Toronto, Rose Garden Bed and Breakfast provides rooms with a free daily breakfast and Wi-Fi access throughout. ”Spacious bedroom with comfortable king bed Great breakfast”\nOpal Suites Toronto offers accommodation in Toronto, 600 metres from CN Tower and 1 km from Toronto Symphony Orchestra. Guests benefit from balcony. ”Location to Rogers Center!!! Security of building!!”\nApartment offers accommodation in Toronto, 1.1 km from BMO Field and 2.9 km from CN Tower. The property boasts views of the city and is 3.1 km from Toronto Symphony Orchestra. Free WiFi is offered . Homestay Locksley\nLocated in Toronto, 6 km from University of Toronto, Homestay Locksley features air-conditioned rooms and private parking. Each room is equipped with a flat-screen TV. ”The safest neighbourhood, all amenities close by, the friendliness of the host and other guests and the helpfulness and entertaining mood made my overall stay really enjoyable:)”\nVictoria Park Family Home offers accommodation in Toronto. Certain rooms feature a seating area where you can relax. Most rooms offer access to a shared bathroom. ”Super clean. Very comfortable beddings. Good location for traveling around Toronto, near hwy 401/404. Very easy to access public transit.”\nLocated in Toronto, this air-conditioned apartment features free WiFi, a hot tub and a balcony with city views. The unit is 300 metres from Air Canada Centre. Private parking is available on site. Bonnevue Manor Bed & Breakfast\nThis historic Toronto property in Roncesvalles Village is within a 10-minute walk of Lake Ontario and Marilynn Bell Park. ”The bed was very comfortable with good linens. The house was very quiet and because I left the house super early each morning they left me a nice selection of things for continental breakfast.”\nThis historic English bed and breakfast is located in Toronto in the Cabbagetown area. The hotel features a roof top deck with views of downtown and a large library. ”A quaint period house close to all public transport. Our room was small and decorated with the owner's collectables but was comfortable. Quiet location even tho in Downtown area. Breakfast was plentiful and shared with other guests which made for interesting conversation. Owner is very friendly and chatty.”\nSituated just 5 minutes’ walk from Toronto’s entertainment district, these apartments offer free Wi-Fi. ”no reception, but excellent information and kontact via email, key and infos at 24h - security-desk. the flat has everything that you need, clean, secure, quiet and very nice + comfortable! furniture + kitchen perfect, stores and restaurants around the corner - we felt like home :)”\nSituated just 1 km from CN Tower, these Toronto apartments boast a rooftop terrace with city views. Offering free WiFi, each apartment comes equipped with full kitchen and laundry facilities. ”The location, the size of the apartment, the facilities, and above all the attitude of the staff and their response for special requirement”\nLocated in the city centre of Toronto, MAC Furnished Residences - Skydome City offers a communal fitness centre and BBQ facilities. Various restaurants are within 500 metres. ”Everything was great from reception to departure.”\nCentrally located in the entertainment district of Toronto, Red Maple Suites - Icon offers an indoor swimming pool. ”The flat was in lovely clean condition on arrival. Concierge was courteous and efficient in getting us into the unit. Owner checked in with me on arrival via email and by phone to say thanks on the last night of the stay. Really can't say enough good about this property.”\nWithin 200 metres from various restaurants in downtown Toronto, Pelican at The Pantages offers a fitness centre, and a spa and wellness centre. ”Good location in downtown Toronto Free wifi”\nWithin 5 minutes' walk from various shops and restaurants, this Toronto B&B offers free WiFi access. ”The hosts are warm and welcoming and their home is lovely and very clean. Well located, good shops and restaurants nearby, and close to downtown. I shared the bathroom but what a bathroom it was: Spacious with the best shower ever! Good coffee and pancakes at breakfast and enjoyable conversations with other guests. Would love to return during the hot Summer months to hang out in the beautiful back garden. Thank you to my hosts, Patricia and Alan.”\nLocated in Toronto, AOC Suites - Penthouse Condo offers self-catering accommodation with free WiFi. The apartment is 1.1 km from BMO Field. Free private parking is available on site. ”Great location close to streetcar line and in an up and coming part of the city”\nToronto Furnished Living-Gerard is an apartment set in Toronto, 100 metres from Ryerson University. The property features views of the city and is 400 metres from Yonge-Dundas Square. ”Hyvä sijainti lähellä Dundas Squarea”\nFeaturing free WiFi, Upper Beach Apartment offers pet-friendly accommodation in Toronto. Ryerson University is 8 km from the property. The accommodation is equipped with a flat-screen TV. ”The stay was good. We were a family with toddler boy and a dog. It's good to stay at nick's place with everything needed.”\nA fully equipped kitchen and a dining area are featured in each self-catered unit at Petryla Estates Furnished Toronto Apartments. A shared hot tub is provided. ”The apartment was very spacious and comfortable. The facilities were excellent and it offers superb value for money.”\nSmile Back B&B is situated in Toronto, 7 km from University of Toronto and 7 km from Queens Park. Free WiFi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site. ”Very good service.\nGrand Royal Condos - Toronto offers accommodation in Toronto, 1.3 km from CN Tower. Featuring private parking, the apartment is 1.5 km from BMO Field. Free WiFi is featured . Veeds Private Suites - Front Street West Toronto\nTämä huoneisto sijaitsee Toronton keskustassa ja tarjoaa näköalan Ontariojärvelle ja CN Tower -tornille. Veeds Private Suites Toronto -majoituspaikassa on ilmainen WiFi ja kuntokeskus paikan päällä. ”In front CN Tower, Rogers Center, Acquarium, Steam Wisthler.\nNear from Union Station, LCBO, market 24h”\nDiamond Suites Toronto offers accommodation in Toronto, 600 metres from CN Tower. The property features views of the lake and is 1 km from Toronto Symphony Orchestra. Free WiFi is available . ”THE LOCATION IS GREAT : SUPERMARKET, TROLY STATION,HARBOURFRONT , FREEWAY, / OUT OF THIS WORLD VIEW ; THE LAKE ,THE CN-TOWER,ETC. / THE ELEGANT DECORATION IS NOT JUST AN IKEA FURNITURE ,MUCH BETTER AND IS ALL NEW FURNITURE. / THE ACCESABILITY OF OWNER IS”\nLenau Guest House is a self-catering holiday home in downtown Toronto. WiFi and on-site parking are included at no extra cost. Yonge-Dundas Square is just 8 minutes' walk away. The Mazen\nSet 2.3 km from University of Toronto in Toronto, this apartment features free WiFi. The apartment is 2.4 km from BMO Field. Pembroke Suites\nLocated in Downtown Toronto, 700 metres from Ryerson University, 3 Pembroke Street Toronto features free WiFi access and private parking. ”excellent location, the best value for this money. There is no desk at this location, but Lisa, the owner, is ready to help and came immediatelly, when asked for some help.”\nLocated in Toronto, this air-conditioned apartment is 400 metres from Air Canada Centre. Pelican on the Harbour boasts views of the lake and is 600 metres from CN Tower. Snow Suites\nLocated 400 metres from CN Tower, Snow Suites offers accommodation in Toronto. Snow Suites boasts views of the lake and is 400 metres from Toronto Symphony Orchestra. Fashion District Condo\nFashion District Condo offers accommodation in Toronto, 1 km from CN Tower and 1.1 km from Toronto Symphony Orchestra. ”Great location, great building & the place itself was totally nice, comfortable, quiet & clean.”\nLocated in Toronto in the Ontario Region, 6 km from Ryerson University, Beach Bunkie boasts a terrace and views of the garden. Some rooms have a seating area where you can relax. TVHR - Luxury 2 BD Duplex in Toronto\nTVHR - Luxury 2 BD Duplex in Toronto is a self-catering accommodation. Free WiFi access is available. Guests can prepare their own breakfast using ingredients provided by the property. ”Exceptionally tidy apartment with all mod cons you require to feel as homely as possible. Felt very much like home away from home. Great location for access to downtown Toronto as well as Entertainment and restaurant locations in North York.”\nOffering a garden, Great Gerrard 2 is set in Toronto, 7 km from Ryerson University. Yonge-Dundas Square is 7 km from the property. Free WiFi is provided throughout the property. ”It's a cosy apartment, located on Gerard street, with close distance to subway and tram station. Very recommended.”\nIvan Yonge House is set in Toronto, 7 km from York University and 13 km from Queens Park. Every room is fitted with a shared bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet, with a hairdryer provided. North York Furnished Home\nSituated in a residential neighbourhood of North York, this fully furnished home offers free WiFi. Parking is included and Highway 404 is within 2-minutes' drive. ”House was clean, in a great location. Everything worked ok”\nFeaturing air conditioning, LifeSuites Lakeside Mimico is located in Toronto, 6 km from BMO Field. CN Tower is 9 km away. Private parking is available on site. All units include a flat-screen TV. ”The hosts were really reachable and helpful.”\nSituated on a leafy residential street in Toronto's Bloor West Village, Toronto Vacation Rentals offers free WiFi and on-site parking. High Park is 10 minutes' walk away. Toronto York University Family Housing\nToronto York University Family Housing is situated in Toronto, 600 metres from York University. Private parking is available on site. Each room includes a private bathroom. ”Location, everything. I stayed the night before University went back, staff were crazy busy getting students housed, but still took time to ensure everything was ok”\nPinnacle Suites - Trendy 2-Story Loft is an apartment located in Toronto, 500 metres from BMO Field. The property features views of the city and is 2.6 km from CN Tower. Free WiFi is featured . University of Toronto-New College Residence-45 Willcocks Residence\nExperience the excitement of Toronto city centre at one of Canada's largest universities. Situated in the city's historic district, the property is 10 minutes' walk from Spadina subway station. ”Clean,high speed internet,location,price”\nLocated in the heart of the city centre, this Toronto property offers a full kitchen. Free Wi-Fi is included. Bloor-Yonge subway station is 1 minutes’ walk away. JJ Furnished Apartments Downtown Toronto: King's Luxury Loft\n”Nice, quiet, warm, clean apartment. Very central. Excellent, polite, helpful doormen. Would recommend - great value for money.”\nSituated in downtown Toronto, Whitehall Suites - Front Street offers an outdoor pool. The Metro Toronto Convention centre is just 2 minutes' walk from this property. ”Sijainti business-korttelissa, huoneisto 27 krs, tosi siisti, lyhyt matka tärkeimpiin kohteisiin, kauppa lähellä, Starbucks alakerrassa, Union stadion ja metropysäkit lähellä.”\nElliott Bed and Breakfast is located in Toronto's west end, 5 km from downtown. Free WiFi access is available, and complimentary snacks and beverages are provided daily. ”we were met at the door with a warm welcome and bottles of water and juice, as well as snacks - how thoughtful!\nthe room was spacious and toiletries were provided.”\nOffering an indoor pool and on-site fitness centre, Rogers Centre Residences is located in downtown Toronto. The Rogers Centre is 6 minutes' walk from this property. Atlantis Suites - Toronto Furnished Apartment on York Street\nToronto Furnished Apartment on York Street sijaitsee Toronton keskustassa ja tarjoaa panoraamanäköalan Ontariojärvelle, CN Tower -tornille ja Rogers Centrelle. ”I had the best time and couldn't imagine a better place to stay. Tina was always available when I had questions and she is a really warmhearted person. The apartment is really modern and stylish. 100% clean and comfortable. I felt in love. And the view is breathtakin- I highly recommend it to stay here.”\nOffering free WiFi and an on-site fitness centre, Life Suites Soho CN Tower and Lake View is located in Toronto's west end. ”Excellent apartament with an unique view of the Toronto skyline. Thomas was a great host!”\nLocated in Toronto, this air-conditioned apartment features a balcony. The property is 400 metres from Air Canada Centre and private parking is featured. Free WiFi is available . N2N Suites - Heart of the City - Downtown Suite\nN2N Suites - Heart of the City - Downtown Suite offers accommodation in Toronto, 200 metres from CN Tower and 400 metres from Toronto Symphony Orchestra. Downtown Comfortable Guesthouse\nFeaturing free WiFi, Downtown Comfortable Guesthouse offers accommodation in Toronto. This is a family home with private bedrooms for rent. Every guest room is fitted with a flat-screen TV. ”Very friendly and helpful family. Room is quite large, newly renovated, and newly furnished. Modern art pictures add to cozy atmosphere.\nLocation is a tad away from downtown, but you can take the streetcar and subway or walk about 20-30 minutes to see more of Toronto.”\nYorkville Private Luxury is a holiday home situated in Toronto and featuring free WiFi and a terrace. The holiday home is 1.1 km from Queens Park. Free private parking is available on site. Pelican on Blue Jays Way\nLocated in the Fashion District district in Toronto, this air-conditioned apartment is 400 metres from CN Tower. Queen West Vibes\nQueen West Vibes offers accommodation in Toronto, 1.2 km from BMO Field. Guests benefit from balcony. The kitchen has a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a coffee machine. The Best Of Toronto\nThe Best Of Toronto offers accommodation in Toronto, 300 metres from Air Canada Centre. The Best Of Toronto boasts views of the lake and is 400 metres from CN Tower. Beaches Apartment\nFeaturing free WiFi throughout the property, Beaches Apartment is situated in Toronto, 8 km from Ryerson University. Yonge-Dundas Square is 8 km from the property. ”Very comfortable two room flat. Good for people ready to see another side to Toronto. The owner, Arthur, is a terrific guy and very helpful.”\nLocated 1.7 km from Yonge-Dundas Square, Fair View Penthouse offers accommodation in Toronto. Fair View Penthouse features views of the lake and is 1.7 km from Ryerson University. ”The views from the balcony are just amazing. The best Toronto views for sure!”\nFeaturing free WiFi and garden views, Leslieville Luxe House is a holiday home, set in Toronto. The air-conditioned unit is 3.7 km from Ryerson University. Free private parking is available on site. Ghalib Homestay\nOffering a terrace and views of the garden, Ghalib Homestay is situated in Toronto. Some rooms feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day. ”Wonderful host he was giving me answers to my questions before I asked them. Very polite and a great man!”\nGreat Gerrard - Mona Lisa Suite is located in a residential area of Toronto. Overlooking the garden, it boasts a private rooftop deck and free WiFi throughout. ”great customer service. Check in instructions very thorough.”\nFeaturing a terrace, Toronto Place is a semi-detached holiday home set in Toronto in the Ontario Region. Guests benefit from patio. Free WiFi is featured throughout the property. Upper Beaches Studio Apartment\nLocated 9 km from Ryerson University in Toronto, this air-conditioned apartment features free WiFi. The unit is 10 km from Yonge-Dundas Square. Free private parking is available on site. ”The whole place was excellent the best of Booking.com”\nScarborough Centre Luxury Business Suite offers a self-catered accommodation with complimentary Wi-Fi throughout. Free access to the on-site fitness centre is provided. ”Ken and Thomas was very attentive in responding to queries. Place was very clean, well equipped on toiletries towels, extra blanket and pillows. Self check in was easy. With carry on luggage only from Vancouver, it was great to have ensuite washer/dryer.”\nJust 8.1 km from Toronto Pearson International Airport, this hotel offers a free airport shuttle services upon request. It features an indoor pool and free WiFi. ”We have visited almost 10 different hotels in this trip, and this hotel has outstanding staff, not only reception but really all were so friendly. We mixed the breakfast time even though it was told (in room could be those times as well), but they were so helpful to offer whatever they still could fine us to take in the suite. Smallest one enjoyed so much the pool. Could have stayed there much longer.”\nThis hotel is 5 miles from the Toronto Pearson International Airport and adjacent to Centennial Park. It offers an indoor pool, free airport shuttle and rooms with flat-screen TVs. ”Waffle is excellent! The staff were awesome.”\nFeaturing free WiFi and air conditioning, JP Stays - Elegant Luxury Suite is located in Toronto, 12 km from BMO Field. The accommodation boasts a hot tub. University of Toronto is 14 km away. ”The tv was good the appliances were new and the bed were satisfactory it was nice that there were soaps and basic necessities”\nSet 5 km from BMO Field in Toronto, this air-conditioned apartment features a balcony. The property is 7 km from University of Toronto and free private parking is featured. Toronto Lakeside West w/ parking!\nToronto Lakeside West w/ parking! is an apartment situated in Toronto, 6 km from BMO Field. ArtDeco Flat with Spectacular Lake View\nArtDeco Flat with Spectacular Lake View offers accommodation in Toronto. The property is 4.2 km from BMO Field and free private parking is featured. Free WiFi is provided throughout the property. Magwood Forest & Humber River B&B\nLocated in Toronto, Magwood Forest & Humber River B&B home features free WiFi access and free private parking. Guest rooms have a TV and a fridge. ”Even I stayed for just one night but it was one of the best accommodation I had in Toronto. The owner was really caring and will be there anytime I needed anything. He even asked me what I want for breakfast and even I had special request for food he exceeded my expectations by providing one of the best meals I had in any hotel. If you looking for clean comfortable room with the awesome staff, this's the place to choose.”\nThe Junction Guesthouse is a self-catering apartment in Toronto's west end. Free WiFi and on-site parking are available. Downtown Toronto is 7 km away. Holiday Inn Toronto Airport East\nLocated just off Highway 401, this hotel offers free shuttle service from Toronto Pearson International Airport, 10 minutes’ drive away. ”I wish I could remember the ladies name who checked us in but she was awesome. Really went out of her way to get us checked in earlier than we expected. Would definitely stay again”\n”just excellent with good failities including bistro.”\n”Room was very clean and comfy.”\nSituated 10 minutes’ drive from Toronto Pearson International Airport, this Toronto hotel features a free airport shuttle service and suites with a fully equipped kitchen. ”Friendly staff Double room was very comfortable for the family with 2 bath\nTämä hotelli sijaitsee ihanteellisella paikalla Toronton kansainvälisen lentokentän vieressä Ontarion Mississaugassa. ”Hyvä sijainti lentokentän läheisyydessä. Ilmainen kuljetus lentokentälle.”\nPositioned only 2 km from Pearson International Airport and 25 minutes' drive from Toronto city centre, this hotel offers a free 24-hour airport shuttle and an on-site restaurant. ”The staff were friendly and always willing to help. I requested to change my room, which was graciously granted. I asked if I could have a microwave or a fridge and was given both!”\nOffering comfortable guestrooms and an on-site restaurant, this Toronto, Ontario hotel is conveniently located just 700 metres from the Pearson International Airport. ”Hyvä hotelli pitkän lennon jälkeen.\nHenkilökunta voisi olla avuliaampaa.\nKeskustaan noin tunnin matka.”\nA free shuttle service to and from the Toronto Pearson International Airport, 4.2 km away, is offered at this Ontario hotel. It includes guest rooms with a 37-inch flat-screen cable TV. ”The clerk at the desk was fabulous.”\nThis hotel is less than 5 minutes' drive from Toronto Pearson International Airport and a free shuttle service is available to all guests. ”Liked everything ,very comfortable,food great ,staff lovely .”\nThis Toronto hotel offers 24-hour airport transfer to Toronto Pearson International Airport, 10 minutes’ drive away. It features an indoor pool and fitness centre. ”Staff great very helpful good size rooms”\nSituated amidst a residential neighbourhood, Toronto's Favourite Urban B & B offers free Wi-Fi and a continental breakfast served daily in the common dining /kitchen area. ”Suht edullinen hinta. Melko siisti paikka. Rauhallinen ympäristö. Alkukankeuksien jälkeen sähköpostiyhteydenpito toimi. Henkilökuntaa en pysty arvioimaan varsinaisesti, sillä he eivät olleet paikalla.”\nConveniently located close to Highway 400 and 407, this non-smoking North York hotel is 5 minutes' drive from York University and 10 minutes' from Canada's Wonderland. ”I love Holiday Inn chain, they have the best value for money Hotels just in the right places. It was quiet and comfortable, room spacious, cozy and very clean. Loved the stay!!”\n”Loved the facilities. Lovely indoor pool, table tennis, mini tennis court inside. The buffet breakfast at the restaurant was amazing - huge variety of food and lovely fresh fruit Kids are for free which was a bonus. They had a lovely little 'pottle' coffee maker in the room which was nice.”\nBathurst Manor House is a holiday home with free WiFi, located in Toronto, 4.3 km from York University. Free private parking is available on site. ”First and foremost, the owner/operator of the establishment Jenny Lee, works on the motto of, and I quote her exact words \"customer is king\". That says it all, and she backed it up! My wife and I, due to our reason for staying needing a sense of urgency, had many \"special requests\" having to be met. Jenny pleasantly went well above and beyond any standard hotel accomadations would or even could for that matter to satisfy all of our demands without leaving my wife and I feeling as though we were of any bother. The place is very cozy, quiet, nicely decorated and furnished with mostly new furniture and appliances. The facilities amenities along with the excellent hospitality really made it feel like home rather than just another big name hotel. Much more to this stay than shows in the pictures!”\nNorth York University Guest Home offers accommodation in Downsview. You will find luggage storage space at the property. ”The quietness of the neighborhood”\nSituated in the North York district in Toronto, 500 metres from York University, Toronto North Travelers Home boasts air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi. Private parking is available on site. ”So clean and safe area. It's hard to find that quality of room with this price. Staffs are very kind.”\nLocated in Toronto, 700 metres from York University, Toronto Wonderland Travelers Home features free WiFi access and private parking. The rooms are fitted with a private bathroom. ”When we were not comfortable with the room we got, they transfer us to another room right away. Thanks much😊”\nComfort Yorkdale Residence is located in Toronto, 3.5 km from York University. Private parking is available on site. Each room at this guest house is air conditioned and has a flat-screen TV. ”周围环境很好，很安静。入住便捷，位置好找。”\nLocated in the city centre, Toronto Escape - Fort York - Amber Suite offers a self-catered apartment with a city-view balcony, free Wi-Fi and private parking upon request. ”The apartment was in a fabulous location. Very quite with excellent transport links into downtown....only 10 minutes away.”\nLocated in downtown Toronto, By the Lake Suite offers free WiFi, an indoor swimming pool, a hot tub and a fitness centre. ”Once we got to know our way around appt was very acessible.”\nLocated in downtown Toronto, HydeWest Luxury Panoramic offers a fitness centre. This self-catering accommodation features free Wi-Fi and views of the city and Lake Ontario. Lavish Suites - One Bedroom Loft\nSet in Toronto, Lavish Suites - One Bedroom Loft offers self-catering accommodation with free WiFi. Guests benefit from terrace. Free private parking is available on site. ”The Lavish Suite we stayed in was very clean, and we were extremely happy. They were nice and close (10 min walk) to the Molson Canadian Amphitheater. They were very clear and detailed on the location and steps to get to our suite. We found, booking a few months prior to our concert, that Lavish Suites was the best bang for our buck. Hotels that were further away were more expensive...some by far! We will for sure recommend to our friends and family, and will stay here again when in the area :)”\nSituated 1.2 km from BMO Field in Toronto, Modern Apartment & Private Parking features a balcony. The apartment is 1.6 km from CN Tower. ”There was no corossiant. View was fantastic. The bed was comfy. I have no complaints”\nSituated in downtown Toronto, just 1 km from the shops and restaurants of King Street West, Fort York Apartment offers free WiFi and on-site parking. One-Bedroom Apartment on Hanna Avenue 404\nOne-Bedroom Apartment on Hanna Avenue 404 offers accommodation in Toronto, 500 metres from BMO Field and 2.6 km from CN Tower. The apartment is 2.8 km from Toronto Symphony Orchestra. Super 8 Downtown Toronto\nTämä Downtown Toronto -hotelli sijaitsee Ontariossa ja tarjoaa tilavat huoneet, joissa on ilmainen Wi-Fi ja kaapeli-tv. ”ei ollut mitään aamiaiscroisantteja,niukka aamiainen.\nSain käyttää hotellin konetta,jotta sain printatuksi lätkäliput”\nTämä Toronton keskustassa sijaitseva hotelli tarjoaa käteviä mukavuuksia ja palveluja. Hotelli on vain muutaman minuutin päässä muodikkaalta Yorkvillen alueella. ”Siisti ja rauhallinen hotelli. Hyvä sijainti metroaseman vieressä. Ystävällinen henkilökunta. Tilava huone.”\nTämä hotelli sijaitsee Toronton keskustassa 6 minuutin ajomatkan päässä CN Towerilta ja Rogers Centrestä. Saatavilla on ilmainen Wi-Fi ja lämmin mannermainen aamiainen. ”Huoneen koko ja siisteys. Aamiainen oli hyvä ja monipuolinen, vaikka ei kinkkua, juustoa eikä vihanneksia ollutkaan tarjolla! Hinta/laatusuhde.”\nTämä hotelli sijaitsee Toronton keskustassa alle 5 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä Osgooden asemalta. Siellä on 3 ravintolaa, sisä- ja ulkouima-allas ja moderni kuntosali. ”Loistava sijainti, tilava huone ja siisti. Palvelut hotellissa viimeisen päälle! Kaikki keskustan palvelut kävelymatkan päässä.”\nSet in the heart of downtown Toronto, Ontario, this property offers a great location near many attractions as well as convenient accommodations and comfortable facilities. ”Sijainti aika epämääräisellä alueella, mutta lähellä keskustaa.”\n”Close to where we had to go very convenient”\nTämä hotelli sijaitsee Toronton keskustassa Maple Leaf Gardensin vieressä. Hotelli tarjoaa sisäuima-altaan ja täyden palvelun span. Huoneissa on ilmainen WiFi. ”Ystävällinen palvelu.erinomainen sijainti”\nTämä suuri 4 tähden hotelli tarjoaa hyvin varustettua ja ylellistä majoitusta. Tietyistä huoneista on näkymät Ontariojärvelle ja kohti Toronton vaikuttavaa horisonttia. ”The view. Good restaurants.Quick elevators. Nice lobby and lobby bar.”\nTämä hotelli sijaitsee keskeisellä paikalla Toronton keskustan Garden District -kaupunginosassa. ”We had a really enjoyable time.”\nHotelli sijaitsee 10 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä Toronto Union -asemalta ja Air Canada Centrestä, ja se tarjoaa tyylikkään ravintolan. Ilmainen Wi-Fi on saatavilla hotellin kaikissa tiloissa. ”Huone hyvän kokoinen ja viihtyisä. Hotellin sijainti erinomainen useiden nähtävyyksien lähellä.\nHotellin baarin vanhempi miespuolinen baarimestari todella ammattitaitoinen ja palvelualtis:)\nSaimme pitää huoneen lähtöpäivänä 14.30 asti mikä helpotti paluumatkaa takaisin kotiin.”\nKeskustassa sijaitsevassa DoubleTree by Hilton Toronto Downtownissa on lämmitetty sisäuima-allas, oma ravintola ja kuntosali. Toronto Eaton Centre ja St. Patrickin metroasema ovat 350 metrin päässä. ”Hyvä sijainti, hiljainen (16.krs), monipuolinen aamiainen, hyvä ja ystävällinen palvelu.”\nTämä Toronton keskustassa sijaitseva 4 tähden Sheraton on 15 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä CN-tornista. ”Hotellihuoneen maisemat olivat hienot, CN Towerille päin. Huone oli hieno ja varustelu oikein hyvä. Iso TV. Palvelu oli ystävällistä. Nopeat hissit. Uima-allas, sauna ja kuntosali käytössä. Tilava autokuljetus lentokentälle. Kattokerroksen tilasta hienot näkymät kaupunkiin ja hyvä sijainti aivan keskustassa.”\nTämä hotelli sijaitsee viihdealueella Torontossa Ontariossa, 5 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä CN Towerista, Ripley's Aquarium of Canadasta ja Rogers Centrestä. ”We had a wonderful stay and everything was perfekt!!!!”\nTämä Toronton keskustassa rauhallisella kadulla sijaitseva hotelli tarjoaa huoneita, joissa on minikeittiö. Se on lähellä Eaton Centreä ja CN Toweria. ”All our time there and Toronto”\nTämä hotelli sijaitsee keskeisellä paikalla Torontossa. Se on 10 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä vilkkaasta Eaton Centre -ostoskeskuksesta ja 2 minuutin kävelymatkan päässä Collegen metroasemalta. ”new renovated room, excellent beds and very quiet.\nTämä moderni hotelli sijaitsee Toronton keskustan viihdekaupunginosassa, King Street West -kadulla. Se tarjoaa huoneita, joissa on 42-tuumainen taulu-tv ja iPod-telakka. ”The staff was friendly The room was comfortable and the bad was huge”\nTämä Toronton viihdealueella sijaitseva hotelli on ihanteellisella paikalla vain lyhyen kävelymatkan päässä alueen tärkeimmistä nähtävyyksistä. ”Great location and very nice room.”\n”The front desk staff member (Shannon?) was so friendly and professional. We were given a suite with city views and the room was lush. Great value for an exceptional hotel.”\nTämä Ontariossa Toronton keskustassa sijaitseva hotelli on vain 110 metrin päässä Metro Toronto -kongressikeskuksesta ja muutaman askeleen päässä CN Towerista. ”close to roger center, cn tower, underground, bus station, train station, high quality hotel, great personal,\nWithin minutes of Toronto city centre and a short stroll from scenic Lake Ontario, this hotel features a free daily breakfast and guestrooms offering free wireless internet access. ”Close to hospital,trollys, park (if you have a dog) The staff is very accomadating. Cheap parking (for Toronto) Free breakfast in lobby.”\nThis 4-star hotel in Toronto is located in the Rogers Centre sports and entertainment complex. The hotel features Arriba, a Mediterranean restaurant, and an indoor pool. ”The room was perfect - very comfortable in every way. It was nice to have a living room and bedroom separate. The room service for breakfast I highly recommend - It was fresh, hot and delicious! Of course you cannot beat the location - we walked every where - to the ballgame, to restaurants, the aquarium.”\nOffering direct access to the Yonge-Bloor Subway Station, this downtown Toronto hotel is located in the district of Yorkville among the boutique shops and restaurants. ”using facilities is very convenient.”\nTämä Toronton Eaton Centressä sijaitseva hotelli on yhteydessä maanalaiseen PATH-kävelytiehen. Trios Bistro sijaitsee paikan päällä, ja huoneissa on 32-tuumainen taulu-tv. ”Fabulous hotel! good position for pretty much everything. Bed very comfortable, meals were excellent. Bar friendly place to meet people.”\nTässä Toronton yliopistoa vastapäätä sijaitsevassa hotellissa on ilmainen Wi-Fi, kattolounge, gourmetravintola ja täyden palvelun spa. CN Tower on 10 minuutin ajomatkan päässä. ”5 star service, amenities and location with warm and friendly staff make for a perfect decadent stay The roof top bar is a bonus. Is really my home away from home when I stay there.”\n”Everything specially the ice tea in the lobby”\nThese private apartments are 2 km from downtown Toronto and the Toronto Eaton Centre. It features free Wi-Fi and an electric fireplace. Allen Botanical Gardens is 5 minutes’ walk away. ”I liked everything and it is so big and clean and Richard is a sweetheart and his little dog too!”\nKatso lisää hotelleja (251–453)\n177358,173748,178394,169255|6,177717,176707,177258,174945,177770,176971,169255|3,173978|1,169251,173978,178210,178577,180808,169255,180483,180140,174230,176822,174995", "timestamp": "2016-12-08T01:39:09Z", "url": "http://www.booking.com/discover/city/ca/toronto.fi.html"}